Ken Tokura (born June ) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe. Club career statistics rowspan="" Kawasaki Frontale rowspan="" J. League rowspan="" Thespa Kusatsu rowspan="" J. League colspan="" colspan="" Vissel Kobe J. League } References Vissel Kobe births Living people Footballers from Tokyo Prefecture
In Greek mythology, Apate was the personification of deceit. She was one of the evil spirits released from Pandora's box. Her mother was Nyx, the personification of night. Her father was Erebos, the personification of darkness. Related pages List of figures in Greek mythology. Personified concepts References Greek gods and goddesses
"Lost" is a song from Frank Ocean, from his album Channel Orange. It is about a girl who does drugs and feels lost. It is an R&B and pop song. songs
A food coloring is any substance that is added to food or drink to change its color. Food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in cooking at home. Purpose of food coloring People associate certain colors with certain flavors. The color of the food can therefore influence its perceived flavor in anything from candy to wine. For this reason, food manufacturers add dyes to their products. One of the reasons this is done is to simulate the colour the customer expects as natural. An example would be to add red coloring to glacé cherries. Without coloring, the cherries would be beige. Food coloring can also be done for effect, such as a green ketchup instead of an expected red. Most people are aware that food with bright or unnatural colors, such as the green ketchup mentioned, contains food coloring. Far fewer people know that "natural" foods such as oranges and salmon may also be dyed to hide natural variations in color. The color of foods varies through the seasons. Processing food and storing it may change its color. For these reasons, it may give a commercial advantage to add colors to food, so that it has the color expected or preferred by the customers. Some of the main reasons are. Compensate for color lost due to light, air, extremes of temperature, moisture, and storage conditions. Hide natural variations in color Make the naturally occurring colors stronger Give identity to food, so it can be associated with the color Protect flavors and vitamins from damage by light. Decorative or artistic purposes such as cake icing Regulation Food colorings need to be tested before they can be used. These tests are done to make sure the coloring is not poisonous, and has no unwanted side effects. Sometimes, different testing bodies have different opinions on the safety of a certain coloring. In the United States, FD&C (generally indicates that the FDA has approved the colorant for use in Foods, Drugs and Cosmetics) numbers are given to approved synthetic food dyes that do not exist in nature. In the European Union, E numbers are used for all additives, both synthetic and natural, that are approved in food applications. Most other countries have their own regulations and list of food colors which can be used in various applications, including maximum daily intake limits. Natural colors are not required to be tested by a number of regulatory bodies throughout the world, including the United States FDA. The FDA lists "color additives exempt from certification" for food. Natural food dyes A growing number of natural food dyes are being commercially produced, partly due to consumer concerns surrounding synthetic dyes. Some examples include. Caramel coloring, made from caramelized sugar, used in cola products and also in cosmetics. Annatto, a reddish orange dye made from the seed of the Achiote. A green dye made from chlorella algae. Cochineal, a red dye derived from the cochineal insect, Dactylopius coccus. Beet juice turmeric saffron paprika To make it easy to get the exact color, these color components are often available in very pure form. They can also be used with suitable carrier materials. Dyes and lakes In the United States, certifiable color additives are available for use in food as either "dyes" or "lakes". Dyes dissolve in water, but are not soluble in oil. Dyes are manufactured as powders, granules, liquids or other special purpose forms. They can be used in drinks, dry mixes, baked goods, confections, dairy products, pet foods and many other products. Dyes also have side effects which lakes do not, including the fact that large amounts of dyes ingested can color stools. Lakes are the combination of dyes and insoluble material. Lakes tint by dispersion. Lakes are not oil soluble, but are oil dispersible. Lakes are more stable than dyes and are ideal for coloring products containing fats and oils or items lacking sufficient moisture to dissolve dyes. Typical uses include coated tablets, cake and donut mixes, hard candies and chewing gums, lipsticks, soaps, shampoos, talc etc. Other uses Because food dyes are generally safer to use than normal artistic dyes and pigments, some artists have used food coloring as a means of making pictures, especially in forms such as body painting. Food colorings can be used to dye fabric, but are usually not wash fast when used on cotton, hemp and other plant fibres. Some food dyes can be fixed on Nylon and animal fibers. Criticism and health implications In the past, research has not shown any link between Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and food dyes. Newer studies show that synthetic preservatives and artificial coloring agents can make the symptoms of ADD and ADHD worse. The older studies were inclonclusive on this point, perhaps because the clinical methods of measuring this behavior were inappropriate. Parents' reports of food additives proved to be better indicators whether additives were present than clinical tests. Several major studies show academic performance increased and disciplinary problems decreased in large non ADD student populations when artificial ingredients and artificial coloring were eliminated from school food programs. Norway banned all products containing coal tar and coal tar derivatives in . New legislation lifted this ban in after EU regulations. As such, many FD&C approved colorings have been banned. Tartrazine causes hives in less than .% of those exposed to it Erythrosine is linked to thyroid tumors in rats. References Other websites FDA/CFSAN Food Color Facts Natural Food Colors (Food Info) Food ingredients Chemistry
The weedy sea dragon or common sea dragon, Phyllopteryx taeniolatus, is a marine fish related to the seahorse. It is the only member of the genus Phyllopteryx. It is found in water to m deep around the south coast of Australia, from Port Stephens, New South Wales to Geraldton, Western Australia. It also found in the waters around Tasmania. Weedy sea dragons are named for the weed like growth on their bodies. This camouflage hides them as they move among the seaweed beds where they live. The weedy sea dragon is the aquatic emblem for the state of Victoria. Description Weedy sea dragons can reach  cm in length. They feed on tiny crustaceans and other zooplankton, which they suck into the end of their long tube like nose. They don't have a tail that can wrap around and hold on to things the way a seahorse can. They swim in shallow reefs and weed beds, and look like weeds drifting over bare sand. Breeding Sea dragons, seahorses and pipe fish are the only species where the male carries the eggs. The male carries the fertilized eggs, joined under his tail. They stay there for about eight weeks until they . The young can look after themselves as soon as they are born. Breeding sea dragons in captivity is rare because scientists don't know what makes them breed in the wild. Keeping sea dragons in captivity is difficult as only about % will survive. The Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach, California, Melbourne Aquarium in Australia, and the Tennessee Aquarium in Chattanooga, Tennessee, are the only places in the world to have bred weedy sea dragons, though others have been able to get them to lay eggs. Leafy sea dragons A relative of the weedy sea dragon is the leafy sea dragon Phycodurus eques. In the November , the National Geographic magazine, reported that marine biologist Greg Rouse is looking at the DNA of the two sea dragon species. References Other websites Australian Museum Online Leafy and Weedy Seadragons Leafy Seadragons and Weedy Seadragons Weedy Sea Dragon Monitoring Program in Botany Bay Leafy Sea Dragon Festival Weedy Sea Dragon Youtube Male Weedy Seadragon with eggs Youtube Weedy Seadragon Male Weedy Sea Dragon carrying eggs Fish of Australia
Sermamagny is a commune. It is in Bourgogne Franche Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France. References Communes in Territoire de Belfort
Ipiaú is a city in Bahia, Brazil. It is at around . Location The city is in the meeting point of the Contas River and the Água Branca River (White water River). Ipiaú is bordered by Ibirataia and Jequié to the north, Aiquara and Jitaúna to the west, Ibirataia and Barra do Rocha to the east and Itagibá to the south. Economy The city is an important producer and exporter of cacao in Brazil. Important people Is the birthplace of many noted Brazilian writers and musicians such as Euclides Neto and Luiz Caldas. Cities in Bahia establishments in Brazil
Amherst Junction is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is people as of . Amherst Junction has an area of . square miles, of which . square miles is water. References Villages in Wisconsin Portage County, Wisconsin
A pamphlet is a small book without a hard cover or binding. It can be made up of a single sheet of paper that is printed on both sides and folded in half, in thirds, or in fourths (called a leaflet). It can also be made up of a few pages that are folded in half and stapled at the crease to make a simple book. In order to count as a pamphlet, UNESCO requires the pamphlet to have 'at least but not more than pages' not including the cover page. a longer item is a book. Pamphlets can contain anything, such as user instructions information for kitchen appliances, or religious and political ideas. Pamphlets have been important in history, publishing a lot of pamphlets can help spread ideas, for instance during revolutions pamphlets were used to influence people. A famous example is "Common Sense", a political pamphlet written by Thomas Paine in , which advocated for America's independence from Great Britain. Because pamphlets are easy to produce and share, they can spread new ideas quickly. Pamphlets are also important in advertising as they are cheap to produce and can be distributed easily to customers. References
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. (November , – July , ) often called John John, JFK Jr. or Jack Kennedy Jr. was an American lawyer and magazine publisher. He was the son of American President John F. Kennedy. Biography Kennedy was born at Medstar Georgetown University Hospital in Washington, DC, to President elect John F. Kennedy and his wife Jacqueline. He spent his first three years at the White House until his father's assassination on November , . The following year, he moved to New York City with his mother and older sister Caroline. After high school, he attended Brown University. He graduated in with a Bachelor's Degree in history. He then attended the New York University of Law, earning his law degree in . He founded the magazine George in . He married Carolyn Bessette ( ) on September , . He was flying his own airplane on July , when he crashed off Cape Cod coast. He was on his way to the wedding of one of his Kennedy cousins. He was with his wife Carolyn and her sister. They were all killed. American aviators Lawyers from Washington, D.C. Aviation deaths in the United States Children of Presidents of the United States Kennedy family John F. Kennedy Businesspeople from Washington, D.C. Publishers births deaths
Anmol K.C. () is a Nepali actor and producer. He rose to fame from his superhit Nepali Movies Hostel, Jerryy, Dreams, Gajalu and Kri. He is highest paid actor and listed as one of the top actor of Nepal. Filmography Superstar Ma Timi Bina Marihalchu Sathi Ma Timro Hostel Jerry Dreams Gajalu Kri Captain Awards Filmykhabar Award FAAN Awards LG Awards NFDC Awards References Other websites Nepalese actors People from Kathmandu Living people births Nepalese movie producers
Băileşti is a city in Dolj County, Oltenia, Romania. As of , , people live here. The Romanian actor and comedian Amza Pellea and Romanian actor and theatre actor Marcel Iureş were born here. Other websites Map of the city Municipalities of Romania
Solhöjden is a minor locality in Habo Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. In , people lived there. References Settlements in Jonkoping County
Wendemark is a former municipality in Saxony Anhalt, Germany. Since January , it is part of the new municipality of Altmärkische Wische. Former municipalities in Saxony Anhalt
The Sherpa are an ethnic group in Nepal, who live in the higher parts of the Himalayas. They often help guide people through the mountains. They also sometimes live on the trail of Mt. Everest. A well known Sherpa is Tenzing Norgay, who helped Edmund Hillary climb to the top of Mt. Everest. Mountain climbers
The Darwin–Wallace Medal is awarded by the Linnean Society of London for "major advances in evolutionary biology". The medals have been awarded every years, beginning in . That year marked years after the joint presentation of papers by Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace. These were On the Tendency of Species to form Varieties. and On the Perpetuation of Varieties and Species by Natural Means of Selection. The papers were both about natural selection as the main cause of evolution. The papers were presented to the Linnean Society of London on July . Wallace was one of the first to get of the medal. In his case it was made of gold, rather than the silver versions given to the six other medallists. However, in the Linnean Society announced that due to the continuing importance of evolutionary research, the medal will be awarded on an annual basis beginning in . Awardees The first award was of a gold medal to Alfred Russel Wallace, and silver medals to six other distinguished scientists. Joseph Dalton Hooker August Weismann Ernst Haeckel Francis Galton E. Ray Lankester Eduard Strasburger silver medals were awarded. Edgar Anderson Yevgeny Pavlovsky Maurice Caullery Bernhard Rensch Ronald A. Fisher G. Gaylord Simpson Carl Rudolf Florin Carl Skottsberg Roger Heim H. Hamshaw Thomas J.B.S. Haldane Erik Stensiö John Hutchinson Göte Turesson Julian Huxley Victor van Straelen Ernst Mayr D.M.S. Watson H.J. Muller John Christopher Willis (posthumously) silver medals were awarded, including posthumously. Nick Barton M.W. Chase Bryan Clarke Joseph Felsenstein Stephen Jay Gould (posthumously) Peter R. Grant Rosemary Grant James Mallet Lynn Margulis John Maynard Smith (posthumously) Mohamed Noor H. Allen Orr Linda Partridge From Brian Charlesworth () James A. Lake () Loren H. Rieseberg () Godfrey Hewitt () Dolph Schluter () Roger Butlin () Pamela S. Soltis and Douglas E. Soltis () References Orders, decorations, and medals Science awards
Émile Idée (born July ) is a former French professional road bicycle racer. He was born in Nouvion le Comte, France. Idée is a five time winner of the Critérium International, a record shared with Raymond Poulidor and Jens Voigt. He finished in second place in the Paris–Roubaix. References Other websites Official Tour de France results for Emile Idée births Living people French cyclists
Thomas Fahr "Tom" Steyer (born June , ) is an American hedge fund manager, politician, philanthropist, and environmentalist. Steyer is the founder and former Co Senior Managing Partner of Farallon Capital Management, LLC and the co founder of Beneficial State Bank. In , Steyer spent around $ million for a television ad campaign advocating the impeachment of President Donald Trump and plans to spend millions more on a digital ad campaign to call for Trump's impeachment. Steyer thought about running for Governor of California in the gubernatorial election as a stance against President Trump. Steyer was on the Board of Trustees at Stanford University from to . On July , , Steyer announced his candidacy for President of the United States in the . He dropped out of the race after loosing the South Carolina primary on February , . References Other websites Farallon Capital Management Hellman & Friedman LLC OneCalifornia Bank TomKat Ranch births Living people American philanthropists American environmentalists American human rights activists Businesspeople from New York City Politicians from New York City Businesspeople from San Francisco Politicians from San Francisco US Democratic Party politicians
John M. Slattery Jr. (born August , ) is an American actor, director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for his role as Roger Sterling in the AMC drama series Mad Men. He was part of the Mad Men cast that won two SAG Awards. He has also appeared in the movies Iron Man () and The Adjustment Bureau (). Slattery was born in Boston, Massachusetts to an Irish Roman Catholic family. He married actress Talia Balsam in and together they have a son, Harry. References Other websites births Living people Actors from Boston, Massachusetts American movie actors American Roman Catholics American stage actors American television actors Movie directors from Massachusetts Movie producers from Massachusetts Screenwriters from Massachusetts Writers from Boston, Massachusetts
Cool colours or Cool colors are colours that give off a cold and clear vibe. These can include colours such as blue, white, and green. Cool colours are sharp and not usually pastel or soft. Cool Colur for blue can be slate, sky, ocean and teal. Color
Grens is a municipality in the district Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. Grens politics include the Green Party. References Municipalities of Vaud
Walsall F.C. is an English football team. They are based in Walsall, near Birmingham. They play their home games at the Bescot Stadium. They started playing football in . Name Walsall Town Swifts F.C. present Walsall F.C. League position Former position English football clubs establishments in England
Stephen Tyree Early (August , – August , ) was an American journalist and government official. He served as White House Press Secretary under Franklin D. Roosevelt from to and again under President Harry S. Truman in after the sudden death of Charles Griffith Ross. Notes births deaths Deaths from myocardial infarction White House Press Secretaries US Democratic Party politicians
In Japan, Juroujin (寿老人), also known as Gama, is one of the Seven Lucky Gods, according to Taoist beliefs. He is the God of long life. He has a staff and a fan. He is shown as an old man with a long beard, and a scroll is tied to the staff, which has the lifespan of all living things written on it. The deer, the crane and the tortoise, symbols of long life, sometimes follow him. Japanese deities
Jesse Marvin Unruh (September , – August , ), also known as Big Daddy Unruh, was an American Democratic politician. He was California State Treasurer. Unruh unsuccessfully ran for Governor of California against Ronald Reagan int the gubernatorial election. In , Unruh ran unsuccessfully for Mayor of Los Angeles. Unruh died of prostate cancer at his home in Marina Del Rey, California on August , . He was years old. References births deaths Deaths from prostate cancer Cancer deaths in California Politicians from California American military personnel of World War II Politicians from Kansas US Democratic Party politicians State legislators of the United States
Xenophanes of Colophon, c. – c. BC, was a Greek philosopher, poet, and social and religious critic. Our knowledge of his views comes from fragments of his poetry, surviving as quotations by later Greek writers. To judge from these, his poetry criticized and satirized a wide range of ideas. This included Homer and Hesiod, the belief in the pantheon of anthropomorphic gods and the Greeks' love of athletics and athleticism. He is the earliest Greek poet who claims explicitly to be writing for future generations, creating "fame that will reach all of Greece, and never die while the Greek kind of songs survives". Philosophy Xenophanes' surviving writings display a skepticism that became more commonly expressed during the th century BC. He satirized the polytheistic beliefs of earlier Greek poets and of his own contemporaries. "Homer and Hesiod" one fragment states, "have attributed to the gods all sorts of things that are matters of reproach and censure among men. theft, adultery, and mutual deception". Sextus Empiricus reported that such ideas were savored by Christian apologists. Xenophanes is quoted, memorably, in Clement of Alexandria, arguing against the conception of gods as fundamentally anthropomorphic. But if cattle and horses and lions had handsor could paint with their hands and create works such as men do,horses like horses and cattle like cattlealso would depict the gods' shapes and make their bodiesof such a sort as the form they themselves have....Ethiopians say that their gods are snubnosed and blackThracians that they are pale and red haired. Monotheist. His remark "God is one, supreme among gods and men, and not like mortals in body or in mind". led some to claim he was the first monotheist. Others pointed out that he still referred to other gods. References Skepticism Ancient Greek philosophers
Elena Nikolaevna Fljorova (. December – June ) was a Soviet and Russian artist. She was a member of the Artists' Union of the USSR since and became Honorary member of the Russian Academy of Arts in . She died on June . References births deaths
The Stanley Cup is a trophy given to the champion of the National Hockey League (NHL) every year. It was bought by Lord Stanley, the Governor General of Canada, in , for $. The first team to win it was the Montreal A.A.A. in . Other teams could challenge for it. By , it was awarded on a yearly basis. The names of players and others such as coaches are put on the cup every year. As a result, the NHL had to make the cup bigger, by adding layers to the bottom. When the first cup was full of names, they made a copy of it, which is now what is awarded. Today, there are teams in the NHL. They play games per year, and then teams make the playoffs. These teams play best of seven series until there is only one champion. The Montreal Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup times, the most of any team. They also won the most in a row. five between and . Henri Richard of the Montreal Canadiens appears the most on the Stanley Cup, times. The Stanley Cup was not awarded in . there was no NHL season because of a labour disagreement. It was not awarded in , either, because of the influenza epidemic. Recent Stanley Cup winners Tampa Bay Lightning Tampa Bay Lightning St. Louis Blues Washington Capitals Pittsburgh Penguins Pittsburgh Penguins Chicago Blackhawks Los Angeles Kings Chicago Blackhawks Los Angeles Kings Boston Bruins Chicago Blackhawks Pittsburgh Penguins Detroit Red Wings Anaheim Ducks Carolina Hurricanes Season cancelled Tampa Bay Lightning New Jersey Devils Detroit Red Wings Colorado Avalanche New Jersey Devils Dallas Stars Detroit Red Wings Detroit Red Wings Colorado Avalanche New Jersey Devils New York Rangers Montreal Canadiens Pittsburgh Penguins Pittsburgh Penguins Edmonton Oilers Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers Edmonton Oilers Montreal Canadiens Edmonton Oilers Edmonton Oilers New York Islanders New York Islanders New York Islanders New York Islanders Montreal Canadiens Montreal Canadiens Montreal Canadiens Montreal Canadiens Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Flyers Montreal Canadiens Boston Bruins Montreal Canadiens Boston Bruins Montreal Canadiens Montreal Canadiens Toronto Maple Leafs Ice hockey trophies and awards National Hockey League trophies and awards
Palatine German, or Pfaelzisch–Lothringisch (. , pronounced ), is a dialect and is spoken in the Upper Rhine Valley. It is also spoken in Zweibrücken, Kaiserslautern, Alzey, Worms, Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Mannheim, Heidelberg, Speyer, Landau Wörth am Rhein and Alsace. It is also spoken beyond Alsace. References German dialects Languages of Germany Rhineland Palatinate
The following is a list of the communes of the Seine et Marne département, in France. (CAMX) Communauté d'agglomération du Pays de Meaux, created in . (CAM) Communauté d'agglomération Melun Val de Seine, created in . (SANVM) Syndicat d'agglomération nouvelle du Val Maubuée, created in . (SANVE) Syndicat d'agglomération nouvelle du Val d'Europe, created in . (SANS) Syndicat d'agglomération nouvelle de Sénart Ville Nouvelle, created in . Seine et Marne
Ocuilan de Arteaga is a city in the state of México in Mexico. About , people live there. References Settlements in Mexico (state) s establishments in Mexico establishments
Heer is a general term for army in the German and some other languages of German origin. In date order. Armies Army of the Holy Roman Empire, or Reichsheer ( ) Bundesheer or German Federal Army, the Army of the German Confederation ( ) German Army (German Empire), or Deutsches Heer ( ), for Army of the German Empire Reichswehr, or Reichsheer ( ), for the interwar Army of the Weimar Republic Wehrmacht ( ) for the Second World War Army of Nazi Germany German Army, or Deutsches Heer ( present), for the Cold War Army of West Germany and the current Army of Germany Other Germanic peoples Österreichisches Bundesheer ( present), the current Military of Austria Heer, the current ground component of the Military of Switzerland People Oswald Heer, a botanist and naturalist with the standard botanical author abbreviation Heer. Kamal Heer, a Punjabi singer and musician. Manmohan Waris ("Manmohan Heer"), a legendary Punjabi singer and musician. Sangtar ("Sangtar Heer"), a Punjabi composer and musician. Other meanings Heer, Netherlands, an area in the municipality of Maastricht, Limburg Heer (film), a Bollywood film Heer (instrumental), an instrumental by Pakistani band Junoon Heer Ranjha, classical Punjabi folk story
Vinod Khanna ( October – April ) was an Indian actor. He was also an active politician and was the sitting MP from Gurdaspur constituency (between and ). Career Khanna played lead roles in many movies and is best remembered for his performance in Mere Apne, Mera Gaon Mera Desh, Gaddaar, Jail Yatra, Imtihaan, Muqaddar Ka Sikandar, Inkaar, Kuchhe Dhaage, Amar Akbar Anthony, Rajput, Qurbani, Kudrat, Dayavan, Kaarnama,Suryaa. An Awakening and Jurm. After making his debut in , Khanna first acted in small roles or negative roles. His angry young man role in the movie Mere Apne, his negative role as the main villain in the superhit movie Mera Gaon Mera Desh and his role in the crtically acclaimed movie Achanak based on the events of the popular case K. M. Nanavati v. State of Maharashtra'', as the military officer turned fugitive. Khanna was popularly known as one of the most handsome lead actors ever in Bollywood. Political career In , Khanna joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and was elected from Gurdaspur constituency in Punjab in the next year's Lok Sabha election. In general election he was again elected for th Loksabha from same constituency. Death Khanna died on April at a hospital in Mumbai from bladder cancer at the age of . References Other websites December title=Parliamentary Biography births deaths Deaths from bladder cancer Cancer deaths in India Indian movie actors Indian politicians
Loretta De Luca (September , – January , ) was an Italian movie and television actress. She began acting in movies at age . De Luca played Marcella Corella in the comedy Fathers and Sons (or A Tailor's Maid). Most of her movies were made in or before. De Luca was born in Florence, Italy. She died of a brain tumour in Civitavecchia, Lazio, aged . Other websites births deaths Actors from Tuscany Cancer deaths in Italy Italian movie actors Italian television actors People from Florence
Formiguères is a commune in the Pyrénées Orientales department. It is in southern France. References Communes in Pyrénées Orientales
Libin is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg. In , people lived there. It is at ° North, ° East. References Municipalities of Luxembourg (Belgium)
Joseph Louis Bruno (April , – October , ) was an American businessman and Republican politician. He was born in Glens Falls, New York. From to , he was a member of the New York State Senate. Between March to June , he was Acting Lieutenant Governor of New York. In January , Bruno was indicted on eight federal corruption charges, including mail and wire fraud. In December , Bruno was convicted of two counts of mail and wire fraud. In May , he was sentenced to two years in jail. In May , he was acquitted of all crimes. Bruno died on October , at his home in Brunswick, New York from prostate cancer at the age of . References births deaths Deaths from prostate cancer Cancer deaths in New York American fraudsters Criminals from New York Lieutenant Governors of New York (state) Businesspeople from New York US Republican Party politicians
Estelle Getty (July , July , ) was an American actress. She was born in New York City to Polish immigrants and was Jewish. She is best known for playing Sophia on the television show The Golden Girls from . She also starred in several motion pictures and other television sitcoms. Early life Estelle Scher was the daughter of the Polish Jewish immigrants Sarah and Charles Scher. Her father opened a glass business in New York City. Career She had an acting career and got a job in New York and then, she began to appear in films. From she played in The Golden Girls as Sophia Petrillo. In she was awarded a Golden Globe Award and in , an Emmy Award. In the spinoff series The Golden Palace ( ), she played the same role After the end of The Golden Girls and The Golden Palace she played the role of Sophia in Empty Nest. She was also in films like Stuart Little and Stop. Or My Mom Will Shoot with Sylvester Stallone. Personal life and death In she married Arthur Gettleman and took the surname of her husband. She changed the surname in Getty. In she was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and didn't appear in public. In , her husband died and she moved to Los Angeles. She died in , just days before her birthday. In her later years, after retiring from acting, she also battled Lewy body dementia. References Other websites Telegraph obituary Actors from New York City American movie actors American stage actors American television actors Comedians from New York City Emmy Award winning actors Jewish American actors Deaths from dementia with Lewy bodies births deaths
Doge (plural dogi or doges) is a word of an Italian dialect that comes from the Latin dux (as does the English duke and the standard Italian duce), that means "leader", especially in a military context. The title of doge was used for the elected head of state in a number of Italian "crowned republics". The two best known such republics were Venice and Genoa, which had maritime, commercial, and territorial mini empires. Sometimes the Doge ruled for life. sometimes for a fixed number of years. Heads of state Government occupations
Soul music is a kind of music that mixes rhythm and blues, gospel music and pop music. It started in the s in the United States. Features of Soul Music are call and response, hand claps, body movement and a tense vocal sound. Ray Charles is said to be inventor of Soul with his song "I Got a Woman". Soul is energetic music with main subjects of lyrics being love, dance and life. Rock and Roll Hall of Fame states that soul is "music that arose out of the black experience in America through the transmutation of gospel and rhythm & blues into a form of funky, secular testifying." Recently, singers like Christina Aguilera, Amy Winehouse and Adele are known as Blue Eyed Soul singers. In some variations of soul brass and saxophones are used a lot. Notable artists Ray Charles James Brown Wilson Picket Marvin Gaye Smokey Robinson Aretha Franklin Major Lance Related pages Funk R&B Reggae Hip Hop References Music genres
Stella Katsoudas (born November , ) is a Greek American singer. She is better known as Stella Soleil. She sings for the band Dirty Little Rabbits. She sung for another band called Whorse. births Singers from Chicago Living people American pop singers American rock singers Musicians from Chicago
Wauseon is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Fulton County. Cities in Ohio County seats in Ohio
Ovaltine is a brand of milk product mixed with whey, malt and sugar. Certain flavors also have cocoa. Before , Ovaltine had competed against Nesquik, claiming it was better than Nesquik. The product began in . Drinks
Tamaulipas is a state in the northeast of Mexico. About ,, people live there. Its capital is called Ciudad Victoria. States of Mexico
Tangkuban Parahu is an active volcano in Indonesia. It is in Northern Bandung, Cikole, Lembang. It is about km from the center of Bandung city, Western Java. Tangkuban Parahu is meters above sea level or about feet high. The temperature in this area is degrees Celsius at noon and can reach degrees Celsius at night. Unlike other volcanoes, the peak of Tangkuban Parahu looks similar to an overturned boat when looked at from the side. There is a legend, the legend of Sangkuriang which tells the origin of Tangkuban Parahu. The volcano has several craters. Some are Ratu crater, Upas crater, and Domas crater. Related pages Sunda mount Burangrang mount Lembang fault References Volcanoes Geography of Indonesia
ISO .BR is an ISO standard which defines geocodes. it is the subset of ISO which applies to Brazil. It covers Federal District and states. Brazil ISO Brazil
LionsXII is a Singapore football team based at Jalan Besar Stadium. Managed by the Football Association of Singapore, the squad marks the return of Singapore to the Malaysia football scene after leaving the Malaysia Cup in . The name "LionsXII" is a special tribute to the fans, who is generally recognised as football's "th Man". History In , the Football Association of Singapore and the Football Association of Malaysia reached an agreement that would see greater cooperation between the two nations. One of the intended avenues would see the Under s play in the Malaysian Super League and Malaysia Cup from onwards, the first time a Singaporean team would be participating in Malaysian domestic football since , when Singapore won the M League and Malaysia Cup double. Although the new Singapore team would have the existing Under s forming its core, senior players were also called upon to guide the younger players. No foreign players were allowed to be part of the Singapore team as this project served as being developmental. season The LionsXII debuted in the Malaysia Super League on January with a – loss to defending champions Kelantan FA. The LionsXII's first win was a – victory over Kuala Lumpur FA on January. The LionsXII's first away win was a – victory over Sabah FA on January. LionsXII began their Malaysia FA Cup quest on February, with a – win over UiTM FC. The LionsXII made their way to the quarter final with a – win over Betaria FC on March . However, they were beaten by Terengganu FA in the quarter finals. On June , they defeated Sabah FA – at home, the biggest win in the MSL season. LionsXII finished second in the league behind Kelantan FA, and bowed out of the semi final of the Malaysia Cup after losing in a penalty shoot out against ATM FA. season LionsXII were set a target of finishing in the top top five for the Malaysia Super League when a press conference was held before the start of the season. The five overage players included key members from the previous campaign such as Shahril Ishak, Isa Halim, and Baihakki Khaizan, but other key players such as Shahdan Sulaiman and Shaiful Esah no longer featured. The main aim was to develop the U players and prepare them for the upcoming Southeast Asian Games that would be held at the end of the year, with the five seniors players serving to guide them throughout the campaign. As at the start of the campaign, players were also undergoing National Service. LionsXII began their campaign by defeating ATM FA – away. In their first home match, they successfully edged out traditional rivals Selangor FA for the first time since joining the MSL. However, LionsXII stumbled to two losses against lowly T Team FC and PKNS FC away. They also crashed out against in the first round of the Malaysia FA Cup against PKNS. Despite this, LionsXII went on a long unbeaten streak, securing important wins over Pahang FA (–), Kelantan FA (–), and ATM FA (–) at home. The opposing coaches even conceded the title to the LionsXII leading up to the end of the season, as the team chalked up the best home record in the league, winning and drawing one (with the draw coming in Round against title contender Johor Darul Takzim FC. On July , a – win over relegation threatened FELDA United FC in the penultimate league game made LionsXII league champions. Singapore's Prime Minister, Lee Hsien Loong was present for the match played in front of a sold out crowd at the Jalan Besar Stadium. The MSL trophy was also brought to Jalan Besar Stadium as the LionsXII received it on home soil after the final whistle. LionsXII became the first foreign team to win the MSL, adding to the four Malaysian league titles it had won in , , , and . The title run was defined by a combination of good defence ( goals conceded, the best record in the MSL) and goals from set pieces ( out of ). Stadium LionsXII ground stadium is Jalan Besar Stadium in Singapore. The stadium can host , supporters in total. On October , a new high definition LED scoreboard was implemented at the Gallery to provide better quality to the spectators as it will be able replay video highlights of the action on the field. Supporters LionsXII boasts a lot of passionate supporters who will always turn up in red to support them in every home match. Their official fan group is called ExcluSinga accredited by the Football Association of Singapore. The group was formed from their news providing Facebook page, Exclusive Singapore LIONSXII, which provides regular and exclusive updates which recognised by the Football Association of Singapore and has become their official fan club in April soon after the LionsXII was formed on March . Members of ExcluSinga will make their appearances in LionsXII matches chanting and supporting the team throughout the whole minutes. They have over , members in their Facebook group up to date. Kit manufacturer and shirt sponsor On January , Football Association of Singapore announced the appointment of StarHub as the Official Broadcaster and Principal Sponsor of LionsXII. As part of the partnership, StarHub will carry all LionsXII content on its pay TV, online and mobile platforms. Two days after the announcement of the kit, LionsXII sealed a second major sponsorship deal, with news that SilkPro will fund the Singapore outfit to the tune of S$m during its debut season in Malaysia Super League. On February , LionsXII secured another sponsorship deal, with Shop N Save, a Singapore supermarket, coming on board as the 'Official Supermarket' for the Singapore outfit in its debut season in the Malaysian Super League. Track record Updated on July Fixtures and results Current squad Updated on May Goalscoring statistics season season Malaysia Super League Total goals scored. Total goals conceded. Malaysia FA Cup Total goals scored. Total goals conceded. Coach Current coaching staff References Football clubs Football in Singapore s establishments in Singapore establishments in Asia disestablishments in Asia
Jason Culina (born August ) is an Australian football player. He plays for Gold Coast United and Australia national team. Club career statistics / rowspan="" Sydney United rowspan="" National Soccer League / / Sydney Olympic National Soccer League / Ajax Eredivisie / Germinal Beerschot Antwerpen First Division colspan="" / Ajax Eredivisie / De Graafschap Eredivisie colspan="" / Ajax Eredivisie / rowspan="" Twente rowspan="" Eredivisie colspan="" / colspan="" / rowspan="" PSV Eindhoven rowspan="" Eredivisie / / / / Gold Coast United A League colspan="" } International career statistics .Total } References births Living people Australian footballers Sportspeople from Melbourne
is a former Japanese football player and manager. He managed for Japan women's national team. Biography In October , Japan women's national team was formed for the first time in three years for a China expedition, and Japan Football Association appointed Orii as Japan national team manager. Japan played matches against Italy and Australia in Xi'an. However Japan lost in all matches. Result References Year of birth missing (living people) Living people Japanese footballers Japanese football managers Japan women's national football team managers
Pistoia is a city in the Tuscany region of Italy. It is the capital of the province of Pistoia. The city is about west and north of Florence. History Pistoria, the old Latin name of Pistoia, was a Gallic, Ligurian and Etruscan city. After the city became a Roman colony in the th century BC, it was a place for activities or trades. Near the end of the th century, the city was captured by troops of the Lombardic king. The city did very well under the control of the Lombards. In , Pistoia chose to become a free commune. In the following years, it became an important political centre. It built walls and several public and religious buildings. In Pistoia was captured by troops from Florentine. Pistoia stayed a Florentine city except for few years in the th century, when Castruccio Castracani captured it for Lucca. It was annexed to (made a part of) Florence in . During the th century Ormanno Tedici was one of the Lords of the city. Dante mentioned the town in his Divina Commedia. Michelangelo called the people of Pistoia the "enemies of heaven". Notable features Duomo Square and Bishops' Palace The large Piazza del Duomo is connected near to other famous buildings, for example the Palazzo del Comune and the Palazzo del Podestà. In July, the Giostra dell'Orso ("Bear Joust") takes place in the square. At the joust, horsemen try to strike a target held by a dummy shaped like a bear. The th century Baptistry, in Gothic style is also in the square. The Palazzo dei Vescovi ("Bishops' Palace") includes a loggia in gothic style. . Other important buildings Church of the Madonna dell'Umiltà (), finished by Giovanni Vasari with a high cupola. Church of San Bartolomeo in Pantano (th century). The Romanesque church of San Giovanni Fuoricivitas (th th century). The Monument in Honour of Brazilians (Soldiers and Pilots) killed in action on Italian Campaign (World War II) Church of San Domenico Church of Santa Maria delle Grazie Church of San Pietro Maggiore Church of San Paolo Church of 'La Vergine" the Baroque church of Santissima Annunziata, famous for its Chiostro dei Morti ("Dead's Cloister"). "Ospedale del Ceppo" ("del Ceppo Hospital") '(th century). The th century walls. These had originally four gates. Porta al Borgo, Porta San Marco, Porta Carratica and Porta Lucchese. All were destroyed at the beginning of the th century. The Medici Fortress of Santa Barbara, built in the th century by the Florentines. The ancient Pieve San Michele in Groppoli, in the neighbourhood of the city. Famous people born in Pistoia Enrico Betti Mauro Bolognini Licio Gelli Cino da Pistoia Ippolito Desideri Pope Clement IX Christian Orlandi Marino Marini Filippo Pacini Sisters towns Pistoia is twinned with. , Pau, since Other websites Comune di Pistoia Pistoia Tourist Consortium. lots of information and city map download Virtual Tour of the City Cities in Tuscany Capital cities in Italy
The Bombycidae are a family of moths. The best known species is Bombyx mori (Linnaeus), whose larval form is the silkworm. It is native to northern China and has been raised by humans for thousands of years. This family consists of genera and about species, most of which belong to the nominate subfamily Bombycinae. Moths
"Dynamite" is a song by the band BTS. It was released on August , . It is their first English song. It has been described as 'uplifting' and infectious. References songs Pop songs Disco albums
Dada J.P. Vaswani ( August – July ) was an Indian non sectarian spiritual leader. He was born in Hyderabad, Sindh. He promoted vegetarianism and animal rights. He was the Spiritual Head at the Sadhu Vaswani Mission founded by his Guru, Sadhu T. L. Vaswani. Vaswani died on July in Pune, Maharashtra from complications of a broken hip, aged . References births deaths Deaths from fractured hip Indian writers Animal rights activists
Aflac (also known as Aflac Incorporated) is an insurance company. Their mascot is a white, short tempered duck called the Aflac Duck. Gilbert Gottfried used to do the voice for the Aflac Duck, but he's now replaced by Daniel McKeague after getting fired by the Aflac company for making bad online jokes about the Japan earthquake in . Also, college football has the Aflac trivia question. Their headquarters is in Columbus, Georgia. References Other websites Corporate website American financial companies Insurance companies Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange Columbus, Georgia Companies based in Georgia (U.S. state) establishments in the United States
Thaddeus Stanley "Ted" Lepcio (July , – December , ), was an American professional baseball utility infielder. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Boston Red Sox, Detroit Tigers, Philadelphia Phillies, Chicago White Sox, and Minnesota Twins. Lepcio died on December , in Dedham, Massachusetts at the age of . References births deaths Boston Red Sox players Detroit Tigers players Philadelphia Phillies players Chicago White Sox players Minnesota Twins players Sportspeople from New York People from Utica, New York
Caraş Severin (. Serbian. Караш Северин, Karaš Severin, . , Bulgarian. Караш Северин, Karash Severin) is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in historical region Banat. The capital of Caraş Severin County is Reşiţa. Demographics In , about , people lived in Caraş Severin County. Geography Caraş Severin County has an area of , km². It is the third biggest county in Romania, after Timiş and Suceava counties. The Danube enters Romania in Caraş Severin County. Divisions Caraş Severin County has municipalities, towns, and communes. Municipalities Reşiţa Caransebeş Towns Anina Băile Herculane Bocşa Moldova Nouă Oraviţa Oţelu Roşu Communes Villages Agadici Mal References Counties of Romania
Lost in America is a road comedy movie starring Albert Brooks (who also directs the film), Julie Hagerty, Maggie Roswell and Garry Marshall. It was directed by Warner Bros. Other websites comedy movies s road movies American comedy movies Movies directed by Albert Brooks Warner Bros. movies Movies set in Los Angeles
Myleene Angela Klass (born April ) is an English classical pianist, commercial model, television and radio presenter, and former member of British pop group Hear'Say. She was born in Gorleston, Norfolk to a Filipino mother and Anglo Austrian father. Her pop success achieved Top singles, of which were UK Number Ones. Hear'Say also released albums, Popstars and Everybody. Almost a year after the Hear'Say break up on May , Klass signed a five album deal with Universal Classics and Jazz. Klass's album, called Moving On, was sold on October at Harrods, London. It was nominated as Peoples' Album Of The Year in the Classical BRIT Awards. On October Klass said she would not be releasing any further material through the label. Klass was a contestant in the series of I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here.. She finished in second place, behind Matt Willis. Her net worth was about £ million in April . References Classical musicians English pianists English pop musicians English singers English television presenters I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here. contestants Television personalities from Norfolk births Living people
Mamasa Regency () is a regency in West Sulawesi Province, Indonesia. It is on the island Sulawesi. The capital is Mamasa. The population was , in the Census. The Toraja are the most common ethnic group. Sumarorong Airport The airport opened in with a meter runway in . The airport closed in . Administration The regency has seventeen districts (). References Regencies of West Sulawesi
Ballet is a type of dance. It is only done by dancers who have had special training. The dancers are employed by a dance company, and they perform in theatres. The first reference to ballet is found in a work of Domenico da Piacenza, who lived in the early th century. Ballet involves the creation of the dance itself, often a type of imaginary story. The story is told with the help of dance and mime. Ballet is a form of expression. It presents a story in a new form to the audience. The creation of a dance is called choreography. The choreography is learnt by the dancers under the supervision of a trainer, called a ballet master or mistress. Ballet is always performed to music, and in many cases the music was specially composed for a particular ballet. Ballet is a major part of theatre, and a popular example is The Nutcracker. History Early stages Ballet grew out of Renaissance spectacles which, rather like big pop music events today, used every type of performance art. These Italian ballets were further developed in France. Le Ballet Comique de la Reine (The Queen's Ballet Comedy) was performed in Paris in . It was staged by Balthazar de Beaujoyeux, a violinist and dancing master at the court of Catherine de Medici. It was danced by amateurs in a hall. The royal family were watching at one end and the others in galleries on three sides. Poetry and songs came with the dances. The basis of classical ballet was formed in the Court of Louis XIV in France, in the th century.p Even his title (the 'Sun King') came from a role he danced in a ballet. Louis founded the first ballet company, the Ballet de l'Opera de Paris. Many of the ballets presented at his court were created by the composer Jean Baptiste Lully and the choreographer Pierre Beauchamp. Also during this time, the playwright Molière invented the comedie ballet. Modern technique begins In the early th century ballet technique was codified (sorted out and written down) by Carlo Blasis (–) of Naples. His dance classes, four hours long, were famous for being the toughest training there was at that time. 'Romantic ballet' flourished in France in the first half of the th century. Ballet with a more athletic style was developed in Imperial Russia of the late th century. This company performed in the Mariinsky Theatre at St. Petersburg. The three famous Tchaikovsky ballets, Swan Lake, The Sleeping Beauty, and The Nutcracker, date from that time. The next stage was the Diaghilev ballet. Diagelev was a great impresario (showman). In he founded Les Ballets Russes de Sergei Diaghilev, considered by many to be the greatest ballet company of all time. "Its success was so extraordinary, its ballets so revolutionary, and its artists so electrifying that its appearance in Paris before the First World War sparked an international ballet boom".p His dancers included the legendary Nijinsky and the Imperial primaballerina Karsavina. also Pavlova, Danilova and Spessivtseva. His choreographers included Fokine, Massine and Balanchine. his composers included Stravinsky, Prokofiev, Ravel and Debussy. his set designers included Picasso, Cezanne, Matisse, Utrillo, Bakst and Braque. and the ballets created changed the course of ballet history. Later in the th century, permanent ballet companies were set up in English speaking countries. The Royal Ballet in London was started, and in New York a company called the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo was founded (–). Technique Technique is the physical ability to perform whatever steps a dance may need. Specific methods for refining technique are named after the ballet master or mistress who started them, such as the Vaganova method after Agrippina Vaganova, the Balanchine method after George Balanchine, and the Cecchetti method after Enrico Cecchetti. Other websites Beginner's Guide to Ballet Ballet Videos Andros on Ballet References
Ulundurpet is in the southern region of Villupuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The town of Ulundurpet is the taluk headquarters. It is co terminus with Ulundurpet revenue block. There are fifty three panchayat villages, and villages in the taluk. The state assembly constituency for Tamil Nadu is the Ulundurpet constituency. Demographics According to the census, the taluk of Ulundurpet had a population of , with , males and , females. There were women for every men. The taluk had a literacy rate of .. Child population in the age group below was , Males and , Females. References Viluppuram district
Rúben dos Santos Gato Alves Dias (born May ) is a Portuguese football player. He plays as a centre back for Manchester City and the Portugal national team. References births Portuguese footballers Association football defenders FIFA World Cup players Living people
Real analysis is an area of mathematics that deals with sets and sequences of real numbers, as well as functions of one or more real variables. It provides a rigorous logical foundation to calculus, the study of continuous change. As one of the main branches of mathematical analysis, it can be seen as the real number counterpart of complex analysis, which deals with complex numbers. Many results in real analysis are special cases of results in complex analysis. Related pages Derivative (mathematics) Functional analysis References Mathematics
Mena is a city in the US state of Arkansas. Cities in Arkansas County seats in Arkansas
Lavigny is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. References Other websites Official website Municipalities of Vaud
Claude Confortès ( February – June ) was a French movie and stage director and actor. As an actor, he starred in Yves Robert's War of the Buttons (La Guerre des boutons) in . He played a supporting role in Germinal in . He was born in Saint Maur des Fossés, a suburb of Paris. Confortès died on June in Paris, aged . References Other websites births deaths French movie directors French movie actors French stage actors Actors from Paris
The Demographics of Hungary is the study of the population and people in Hungary. Population Nation Cities and towns Ethnic groups The most recent census looking at ethnic groups was in . In this census, people could select many ethnicities. These numbers do not add up to . Romani The and censuses found that the Romani people made up .% of the population. Some estimates say that % of the population is Romani. Regardless, they are the largest minority in Hungary. The Romani people originally came from Northern India around the area of Rajasthan and Punjab. The county in Hungary with the largest percentage of Romani people is Borsod Abaúj Zemplén County. This county is in the north of Hungary and is next to Slovakia. Danube Swabians Danube Swabians Donau Shwoveh are a German speaking Minority, the third largest ethnic group in Hungary. The county with the largest percentage of Germans is Baranya, with the Subgroup Stifolder who's Ancestors once came from Fulda (district) arround , with .% according to the census. Languages Religions Related pages List of settlements in Hungary References Demographics by country Hungary
Alberschwende is a municipality in the district of Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. References Settlements in Vorarlberg
James "Jim" Bowie (pronounced BOO ee. April  – March , ) was a th century American pioneer. He played a prominent role in the Texas Revolution. He died at the Battle of the Alamo. Stories of him as a fighter and frontiersman, both real and fictitious, have made him a legendary figure in Texas history. He is a folk hero of American history. The Bowie knife is named after Jim Bowie. Early life Bowie was born in April in Logan County, Kentucky. He was the son of Reason and Elve Ap Catesby (Jones) Bowie. Reason was a farmer and operated a Gristmill. The family moved in February to New Madrid, Missouri, then part of Spanish Louisiana. In they settled on farms in what is now Catahoula Parish, Louisiana. There Reason and his brothers swore allegiance to the Spanish government. Reason created a plantation there where he grew cotton and sugarcane. He also raised livestock and bought and sold slaves. This is where Jim and his brothers grew up. Adult life Early career As a teenager Bowie floated lumber to market in the Avoyelles and Rapides parishes in Louisiana. He and his brother Rezin joined the army during the War of . Their regiment was on its way to join Andrew Jackson at New Orleans when the war ended. After the war he and his brothers entered into the slave trading business. During this time he developed a reputation as a deadly knife fighter. He then got into land speculation. He bought large parcels of land and sold them whenever he could make a profit. Many of his land claims turned out to be fraudulent. He and his brothers moved to Arkansas where they soon were involved in new land speculation schemes. In Texas In Bowie moved to Coahuila y Tejas (now the Mexican state of Coahuila). There he swore allegiance to Mexico. He purchased land grants in Stephen F. Austin's colony. This, and the Cotton mill he bought, allowed him to become a Mexican citizen. He married Ursula de Veramendi in April and the couple settled at Saltillo, the capital of Coahuila y Tejas. In the capital changed to Monclova. When the two towns decided to fight over the issue, Bowie supported Monclova. Urusla and her parents died of choleria in Monclova in September of . While living in Texas, Bowie had a number of adventures. One was written about by his brother John in an article. "Early Life in the Southwest—The Bowies" in De Bow's Review of the Southern and Western States (). While looking for a silver mine north of San Antonio Bowie, his brother Rezin and others were attacked by some Comanches. After killing a number of Comanches during several days of fighting, he and the remaining survivors escaped at night to a nearby settlement. Antonio López de Santa Anna was the president of Mexico during this time. He declared himself a dictator in May . He then got rid of the congress and the state legislatures. Along with several other Mexican states, Coahuila y Tejas (Texas) rebelled. At first, the Texans (Tejanos) wanted the constitution brought back. But they soon changed to demand independence from Mexico. Bowie went to San Felipe, Texas to take muskets from a Mexican armory. He fought at the Battle of Concepción in October having been made a colonel of volunteers. The Alamo In January he joined William B. Travis as co commanders of The Alamo. There they were joined by others including Davy Crockett, who arrived in February . On February , Santa Anna arrived with an army of up to , soldiers. About Texans held off the Mexican army for days. The Alamo finally fell on March , with nearly all the defenders killed. One of the few survivors was Sarah the wife of captain Almaron Dickinson. Bowie knife The knife Bowie was famous for may actually have been designed by his brother, Rezin P. Bowie. Rezin (pronounced "reason") gave his younger brother (Jim) the knife so he would always have a backup weapon. It became history after the sandbar fight on the banks of the Mississippi River in September . Physical description According to his brother John, Jim Bowie was a large man, about tall and about . He had light colored hair, grey eyes and a fair complexion. He has been described as being mild mannered. But if insulted, he had a terrible temper that quickly came out. Popular media There have been a number of movies about the Battle of the Alamo. Bowie has appeared as a character in many of them. Movies The Iron Mistress () starred Alan Ladd as Jim Bowie, the main character. It was based on the novel of the same name by Paul I. Wellman. The Last Command ( movie) by Republic Pictures features (Sterling Hayden) as Jim Bowie. Bowie is the main character during the battle of the Alamo and the Texas War of Independence. The Alamo () by United Artists starred John Wayne as Davy Crockett and Richard Widmark as Jim Bowie. The Alamo () starred Jason Patric as Bowie. Television to , Bowie was the subject of a CBS television series, The Adventures of Jim Bowie. It was set in s Louisiana, although later episodes ventured into the Mexican province of Texas. The show, which starred Scott Forbes as Jim Bowie, was based on the novel Tempered Blade. , Kenneth Tobey portrayed Bowie in the final installment of a Walt Disney miniseries titled Davy Crockett at the Alamo'', which aired on ABC Television on February , . Music Bowie also is the namesake of rock star David Bowie. He was born David Robert Hayward Jones. Jones changed his name in the s because he feared his name was too similar to Davy Jones, a member of the already famous The Monkees. He chose the surname Bowie because he admired James Bowie and the Bowie knife, although his pronunciation uses the "bo e" variant. Notes References Other websites What became of Jim Bowie's famous knife. births deaths American frontiersmen and women Businesspeople from Kentucky Slavers
Cristiano da Silva (born . Januar in Campo Mourão) is an Brazilian football player. He plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg as midfielder in the Austrian Bundesliga. His player name is Cristiano. Career He started playing football with Adap Galo. His first professional team was Coritiba FC in . After playing for different teams he came to CA Metropolitano. He was then out on loan for Associação Chapecoense und EC Juventude. In he had a test with Red Bull Salzburg. He statisfied coach Moniz and signed a contract till . Other websites Players profile Agency profile births Brazilian footballers FC Red Bull Salzburg players Living people Coritiba Foot Ball Club players
Pontyberem is a village located in Carmarthenshire, Wales. In the Census the population of the village was , people. Notable people from Pontyberem include Jonny Clayton and Dorothy Squires. Villages in Wales
Damllsvenskan is the Swedish women's association football top division. Swedish national champions Before Since Other websites SvFF Damallsvenskan Damfotboll.com Damfotboll establishments in Sweden Football leagues Women's football Football in Sweden
Karl Moik ( June – March ) was an Austrian television presenter and singer. Moik was born in Linz. He became famous in Austria, Germany, German speaking Switzerland and South Tyrol as the television presenter of Musikantenstadl on Austrian broadcaster ORF. He presented Musikantenstadtl from to earning him the honorary title by fans as Mr Musikantenstadl. Moik died in Salzburg, aged . References births deaths Austrian singers People from Linz Television presenters
Pas de Calais (Picard. Pas Calés. Dutch. Nauw van Kales) is a department found in the north of France in the Hauts de France region. Its prefecture is Arras. Its population is about ,, ( estimation). It is one of the first French departments made during the French revolution. Departments in Hauts de France
Buneville is a commune. It is in Nord Pas de Calais in the Pas de Calais department in north France. Communes in Pas de Calais
is the action adventure and survival horror video game series was created by Shinji Mikami and owned by Capcom. The first game plot focuses on multiple characters and their roles in reccuring of deadly dinosaurs and other monsters in a closed environment, such as a laboratary on a island. The series also including comic book and associated merchandise. As well of December , , the game series has sold . million units worldwide. Notes Video game series
Capron is a village in Illinois in the United States. Villages in Illinois
Tehran Province (Persian. استان تهران.) is one of the provinces of Iran. It has an area of , square kilometers. It can be found to the north of the center plateau in Iran. As of June , this province contains townships, municipalities, and , villages. Counties and municipalities Counties Municipalities Absard, Andishe, Baghershahr, Baghestan, Boumehen, Chahardangeh, Damavand, Eshtehard, Eslamshahr, Ferdowsieh, Firouzkouh, Garmdarreh, Gharchak, Ghods, Golestan, Shahriar, Hashtgerd, Hashtgerd New City, Javadabad, Hassan Abad, Kahrizak, Kamalshahr, Karaj, Kilan, Lavasan, Mahdasht, Malard, Meshkindasht, Mohammadshahr, Nasimshahr, Nazarbad, Owshan Fasham Meygoun, Pakdasht, Pardis, Pishva, Robat Karim, Roudehen, Sabasharh, Safadasht, Shahedshahr, Shahriar, Sharifabad, Tehran, Vahidieh, Varamin, Other websites Official website of Tehran Governorship Provinces of Iran
Taylor is a borough in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, United States, four miles (six km) southwest of Scranton on the Lackawanna River. The population at the census was ,. References Boroughs in Pennsylvania
El Prat de Llobregat is a municipality of , people (). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain. Cities in Catalonia Municipalities in Catalonia
 } is a Japanese athlete and sportsman. He is best known as a swimmer who competed in two Summer Olympic Games. Career Suzuki competed at the Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He won a gold medal in men's m backstroke at the Summer Olympics in Seoul. He became a board member of Japan Swimming Federation and the World Anti Doping Agency (WADA). Related pages Sports in Japan Japan at the Olympics References Other websites Daichi Suzuki at DatabaseOlympics.com births Living people Japanese Olympic gold medalists Japanese swimmers Medalists at the Summer Olympics Sportspeople from Chiba Prefecture
Barshong Gewog is one of the twelve counties of Tsirang District in Bhutan. It is located some kms from the gewog center Dzongkhag administration, Tsirang. References Bhutan Gewogs of Bhutan Tsirang District
Valerie Perrine (September , ) is an American model and actress. She has been nominated for Academy Awards and Golden Globe Awards. She played Marcy, the wife of a corrupt policeman, in the movie The Border. She played Miss Eve Teschmacher in certain Superman movies, and Mona in Boiling Point, a thriller movie. Perrine was born in Galveston, Texas. American television actors American movie actors Actors from Texas births Living people People from Galveston, Texas
Le Plessis Robinson is a commune that is found in the Hauts de Seine department in France. In , , people lived there. Communes in Hauts de Seine
Bocconi University () is a private university in Milan, Italy. It provides undergraduate, graduate and post graduate education. The university's main subjects are economics, business management, finance, law, political science and public administration. Bocconi University was founded in by Ferdinando Bocconi, an Italian politician and business man. He named the university after his son Luigi. Luigi was a soldier in the Italian army. He was killed in in a war between Italy and Ethiopia. The center of the present campus of Bocconi University is on Via Sarfatti. It was built in . Since then several new buildings have been added. In the university had a total of , students. About students come from outside Italy. The president of the university is Mario Monti. References Other websites Colleges and universities in Italy Milan establishments in Italy
A dialog system or conversational agent (CA) is a computer system intended to converse with a human, with a coherent structure. Dialog systems have employed text, speech, graphics, haptics, gestures and other modes of communication on both the input and output channel. What does and does not constitute a dialog system may be debatable. The typical GUI wizard does engage in some sort of dialog, but it includes very few of the common dialog system components, and dialog state is trivial. Computers
The Jerash Governorate () is one of the governorates in Jordan. The capital of the governorate is the city of Jerash. Governorates of Jordan
A Papal conclave is a meeting of cardinals. The cardinals meet to elect the next bishop of Rome, to become pope. This becomes necessary when the old pope dies or resigns. Usually, popes do not resign, though. The last pope to resign was Pope Benedict XVI. On February , the Vatican confirmed Pope Benedict would resign the papacy and on March it announced the new and current pope as Pope Francis. The word conclave is from Latin. It refers to the fact that the cardinals are locked up together, until they have agreed on a new pope. Today, this happens in the Sistine Chapel. Originally, the conclave was started in Italian city states, in the th century. These cities needed to elect officeholders, and the election needed to be free of party politics. Events such as the Investiture Controversy in medieval Europe led to people wanting "free" elections, with a medieval understanding of free. Methods were often combined, the elements used were Acclamation, naming of candidates by predecessors, or by univolved people, and using "electrors" who would agree on the successor, behind closed doors. Earliest examples are that of Genua, in , Pisa, in , or Pistoia. Pope Nicholas II published a papal bull called In Nomine Domini, in , which introduced the conclave as the way to elect his successor. Popes
Emile Verhaeren ( May – November ) was a Belgian poet. He wrote in the French language. He is one of the chief founders of the school of Symbolism. At the age of eleven, he was sent to a strict boarding school in Ghent run by Jesuits The Jesuit College of Sainte Barbe. He then went to study law at the University of Leuven. He did his first writing here in a student paper. Having gained his law degree, he became a trainee (–) with Edmond Picard. Picard was a renowned criminal lawyer, who also was involved with the Brussels artistic scene. Verhaeren tried only two cases in a courtroom before deciding to dedicate his life to poetry and literature. He soon became the spokesperson for the artistic revival at the turn of the century. He enjoyed the works of the painters of the artistic circle "Les XX". He wrote many articles in La Jeune Belgique and L'Art Moderne. His articles brought many promising young talents, such as James Ensor, to the attention of the public. Through these articles, he became a lifelong friend of Belgian painter Théo van Rysselberghe. Verhaeren was one of the most prolific poets of his time. His first collection of poems "Les Flamandes" was published in . It was an immediate success in some settings. But it caused a great deal of controversy in Catholic circles. His next book "Les Moines" () was not the success he had hoped for. On August he married Marthe Massin, a talented artist from Liège. He wrote his first play "Les Aubes" in . In he moved to Saint Cloud, near Paris. By the turn of the century, he had become world famous. His works were translated into more than twenty languages. Emile Verhaeren died on November at Rouen station by falling under a train. Principal works Les Flamandes, Les moines, Les soirs, Les débâcles, Les flambeaux noirs, Les campagnes hallucinées, Les villes tentaculaires, Les heures claires, Les visages de la vie, Les forces tumultueuses, La multiple splendeur, Les rythmes souverains, Les ailes rouges de la guerre, Les flammes hautes, [written in ] Other websites births deaths Belgian poets
BBC Radio Extra is a British digital radio station. It plays comedy, drama, and children's programmes hours a day. It was called BBC when it started in and was later renamed BBC Radio in . Not many people knew what Radio was, so its name was completely changed in to make it sound closer to BBC Radio , which is run by the same person. The shows on Radio Extra are mostly old programmes which were once on BBC Radio , although they have made some new programmes. It can be heard on digital (DAB) digital radios and also on the Internet. References Other websites (old website) extra
The Renault Trafic is a commercial van designed and built by French company Renault from to present. Opel and Vauxhall make the same vehicle but with different names, The names are. Opel Vivaro and Vauxhall Vivaro. Other websites Renault Trafic official website The original Renault Trafic as a camper van (includes a photo of the original Trafic, pre facelift) Opel Vivaro official website Front wheel drive vehicles Buses Vans Trafic
Jackson County is a county in the state of Colorado in the United States. As of the census, , people lived there. The county seat is Walden. Colorado counties
Romania at the Olympics is a history which began in . The International Olympic Committee's official abbreviation for Romania was RUM. It is now ROU. History A team from Romania was first at the Olympic Games in . They had only one participant. The National Olympic Committee for Romania is the Romanian Olympic and Sports Committee. It was formed and recognized in . The nation first sent a team to the Games in . They have been to each of the Summer Olympic Games and Winter Olympic Games since then except for two times. Notably, Romania was the lone Eastern Bloc nation to participate at the Summer Olympics, which the other nations boycotted. That was also Romania's most successful Olympic Games. they won gold medals and medals total. Romanian athletes have won a total of medals, with gymnastics as the top medal producing sport. Medal tables Medals by Summer Games Medals by Winter Games Medals by sport Related pages List of IOC country codes References Other websites Romania profile at London.com Nations at the Olympics Sport in Romania
A winglet is an invention that makes aircraft use less fuel (gas). It does this by reducing induced drag. Aircraft
The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend is a American romantic western comedy movie directed by Preston Sturges and was based on the story by Earl Felton. It stars Betty Grable, Cesar Romero, Rudy Vallee, Sterling Holloway, Hugh Herbert, El Brendel and was distributed by th Century Fox. Other websites movies s comedy movies s romance movies s western movies American romantic comedy movies American western movies th Century Fox movies
Tropical waves, or easterly waves, also known as African easterly waves in the Atlantic Ocean, are a type of atmospheric trough, an extended area of moderately low air pressure, leaning north to south, which move from east to west across the tropics creating areas of cloudiness and thunderstorms. West moving waves can also form from the tail end of frontal zones in the subtropics and tropics and may be called to as easterly waves, but these waves are not properly called tropical waves. they are a form of inverted trough sharing many characteristics with fully tropical waves. All tropical waves form in the easterly flow along the southern side of the subtropical ridge or belt of high pressure which is north and south of the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ). Tropical waves are normally carried westward by the prevailing easterly winds along the tropics and subtropics near the equator. They can lead to the formation of tropical cyclones in the north Atlantic and northeast Pacific Oceans. They can also lead to tropical storms which can also lead to hurricanes. Characteristics A tropical wave is usually preceded by an area of sinking, intensely dry air, sloping as a northeast wind. With the passage of the trough line, the wind turns to the southeast, the humidity suddenly rises, and the atmosphere destabilizes, producing widespread showers and thunderstorms, sometimes severe. As the wave moves off westward, the showers slowly stop. A notable exception to the general characteristic of widespread precipitation behind a tropical wave occurs in the Atlantic. Periodically, a surge of intensely dry air known as the Saharan Air Layer (SAL) is entrained behind a tropical wave, resulting in cloudless or nearly cloudless skies as convection is limited by the dry layer inversion. Also, any dust which may be present within the SAL reflects solar radiation, slightly cooling the atmosphere below it. Atlantic Tropical waves in the Atlantic Ocean form from disturbances which drift off the continent of Africa onto the Atlantic Ocean. These are generated or enhanced by the African Easterly Jet. The clockwise circulation of the large transoceanic high pressure cell or anticyclone centered near the Azores islands impels easterly waves away from the coastal areas of Africa to North America. About % of Atlantic tropical cyclones originally form from tropical waves, while about % of intense Atlantic hurricanes (Category and greater) form from tropical waves. Tropical cyclones can sometimes degenerate back into a tropical wave. This normally happens if upper level wind shear is too strong. The storm can redevelop if the upper level shear decreases or stops. If a tropical wave is moving quickly, it can have strong winds of over tropical storm force, but is not considered a tropical storm unless it has a closed circulation. East Pacific It has been suggested that eastern Pacific Ocean tropical cyclones are formed out of tropical waves that come from North Africa as well. During the summer months, tropical waves can go northward as far as the desert southwest of the United States, producing spells of intensified shower activity surrounded within the current monsoon area. Related pages Tropical cyclones References Other websites Tropical Waves Presentation African Easterly Wave Variability and Its Relationship to Atlantic Tropical Cyclone Activity Weather
Hayatabad is a suburb in Peshawar, the capital of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It was named after Hayat Sherpao, former Governor of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and a famous leader of Pakistan Peoples Party. There are several different schools, colleges, a national University, public and private hospitals, private clinics, public parks etc. Peshawar
is a Japanese football player. He played for the Japan national team. Biography Sasaki was born in Zama on October , . After graduating from Kanagawa University, he joined J League club Ventforet Kofu in . He played many matches as left side back from first season. Ventforet also was promoted to J League end of the season. In , he moved to Sanfrecce Hiroshima. He played many matches and Sanfrecce won the J champions in . Although he could hardly play in the match for injury in and , He became a regular player from . On September , , Sasaki debuted for the Japan national team against Costa Rica. In , he played at Asian Cup and Japan won the nd place. He played games for Japan until . Statistics rowspan="" Ventforet Kofu J League colspan="" colspan="" rowspan="" J League colspan="" colspan="" rowspan="" Sanfrecce Hiroshima rowspan="" J League colspan="" colspan="" colspan="" colspan="" colspan="" } .Total } References Other websites births Living people Footballers from Kanagawa Prefecture Japan international footballers J League players J League players Ventforet Kofu players Sanfrecce Hiroshima players
Ethel Llewellyn Ennis (November , – February , ) was an American jazz singer. She was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She was known as the "First Lady of Jazz". Career Her debut was with 's Lullabies for Losers was released by Jubilee Records. In , Ennis moved to the Capitol Records label for a two album contract, and A Change of Scenery was released. Ennis toured with Benny Goodman and Duke Ellington during her career. She performed the main song for the movie Mad Monster Party.. Ennis was invited to sing at the second inauguration of Richard Nixon. Death Ennis died at her home in Baltimore from a stroke on February , , aged . References Other websites Ethel Ennis' Biography at Allaboutjazz.com Ethel Ennis's oral history video excerpts at The National Visionary Leadership Project New York Times review of album births deaths Deaths from stroke American jazz singers Singers from Baltimore
Agustín Ross Cultural Centre (Spanish, Centro Cultural Agustín Ross), previously known as Casino Ross (Ross Casino), is a historic casino building. It is in Agustín Ross Avenue, in front of Ross Park, in Pichilemu, Chile. The building was built in the late s. In the first Chilean casino was built there. It was closed in and converted into a hotel which was open until the s. The building is now Pichilemu's cultural centre. History The casino is named after Agustín Ross Edwards, a Chilean writer, member of parliament, minister and politician. He was part of the powerful family Ross Edwards, which founded the newspaper El Mercurio years earlier. Based on his european experience, Ross bought a place named "La Posada" (English. The Inn) or Petren Fund in . At that time, it was just some barracks with thick walls with a ground of hectares. The old Ross Casino was constructed in the late s by Ross himself. It contained the first mail and telegraph service and a big store. The building had three floors, and was raised using imported materials. In January , , the first Chilean casino was opened in that building. The Ross Casino worked until , when the permission was cancelled, allowing just the newly constructed Viña del Mar Casino to work. After the closing of the Ross Casino, the building was converted into a hotel was which functioned until the s. The old casino () and its gardens () are an important part of the city. It was named Historic Monument by the National Monuments Council on February , , by the supreme decree N° . Ross was also the administrator of the great Juana Ross de Edwards fortune, the Nancagua Hacienda, near the city of same name. He designed an urban set of high environmental value and landscape, transforming "La Posada" to a hotel (Great Hotel Pichilemu, later Hotel Ross, or Ross Hotel). Ross also built several chalets, terraces, embankments, stone walls, a balcony in front of the beach and several large houses with imported building materials and furniture from France and England. Additionally, he put up a park and a forest of more than hectares. Ross turned Pichilemu into a summer resort town for rich people from Santiago. He, however, could not build a dock for the city, as he had planned. In , the Ross successors ceded to the Illustrious Municipality of Pichilemu all the Ross constructions (streets, avenues, squares, seven hectares of forests, the park in front of the hotel, the perrons and the terraces) under condition that the municipality hold them for recreation and public access. The Cultural Centre was severely damaged after the February Chile earthquake. The library that it hosted was completely destroyed. After the Pichilemu earthquake, the Cultural Centre suffered structural damage, but Roberto Córdova, Mayor of Pichilemu, said that it was repairable. References Buildings and structures in Chile Pichilemu
Barbara Acklin (February , November , ) was an American soul singer and songwriter. She was very popular in the s and s. She had several hit singles, including "Love Makes a Woman". She was born in Oakland, California and raised in Chicago. Acklin later moved to Omaha, Nebraska. She died there from pneumonia when she was . African American musicians Singer songwriters from Chicago births deaths Singer songwriters from California Singers from Oakland, California Writers from Oakland, California
Selenite is an ion. Its chemical formula is SeO . It makes the hydrogen selenite ion, HSeO in neutral conditions. When in acidic conditions it makes selenous acid. They are normally made by heating metal oxides with selenium dioxide. An example would be sodium selenite. Selenites are weak oxidizing agents. Related pages Selenate Selenide Selenium compounds
Bali () is an island and a province in Indonesia. The province includes the island of Bali and a few other islands. About ,, people live in Bali. Bali's most important city is Denpasar. Hinduism is Bali's largest religion. More than % of its people are Hindus. Textiles and garments are % of their exports. The currency in Bali is the Indonesian rupiah (IDR). The literacy rate for Bali is .%. Tourism Bali is a popular place for tourists. They have many historic temples and rice fields. Bali has great views and beautiful beaches and volcanoes. Hindu ceremonies, shadow puppet shows, and traditional dance are also very popular. Sekumpul Waterfall. This Balinese waterfall is in north of Bali. Tegallang Rice Terrace. These rice paddies are near Ubud. Pura Luhur Uluwatu Temple. This temple is on the deep cliff on the Indian Ocean coast. Kuta Beach. Kuta is one of the most popular beaches in Bali. Geography Bali is a volcanic island. The two main volcanos are Mount Agung and Mount Batur. Mount Agung is sacred to the Balinese people. Mount Agung is an active volcano, with a deep, large crater. Sometimes smoke and ash comes out of the crater. The last major eruptions occurred in November . References
is a former Japanese football player. Club career statistics Urawa Red Diamonds J. League colspan="" colspan="" colspan="" } References births Living people Japanese footballers
RR Lyrae is a pulsating variable star in the constellation Lyra. It is the model for the variable stars known as RR Lyrae variables. It pulses over a short cycle of hours, minutes. Each radial pulsation causes the radius of the star to vary between . and . times the Sun's radius. Stars of this type are often found in globular clusters, and used as standard candles to measure distances to other galaxies. RR Lyrae and its type are pulsating stars of spectral class A (and rarely F), with a mass of around half the Sun's. It is thought they previously shed mass and consequently, they were once stars with similar or slightly less mass than the Sun, about . solar masses. RR Lyrae stars pulse in a manner similar to Cepheid variables, so the mechanism for the pulsation is thought to be similar. The nature and histories of these stars is thought to be rather different. Unlike Cepheids, RR Lyraes are old, low mass, metal poor "Population II" stars. They are much more common than Cepheids, but also much less luminous. The average absolute magnitude of an RR Lyrae is about ., only or times brighter than our Sun. Their period is shorter, typically less than one day, sometimes ranging down to seven hours. The relationship between pulsation period and absolute magnitude of RR Lyraes makes them good standard candles for relatively near objects, especially within the Milky Way. They are extensively used in globular cluster studies, and also used to study chemical properties of older stars. Knowing the period luminosity relation for local RR Lyrae type variable stars allows the distance of more distant stars of this type to be determined. The distance of RR Lyrae remained uncertain until when the Hubble Space Telescope was used to fix its distance within a % margin of error. The result was . When combined with measurements from the Hipparcos satellite and other sources, the result is a distance estimate of . References Variable stars
A press release, news release, media release, or press statement is a written or recorded communication for news reporters. Its purpose is to let them know about something that is news. These are mailed, faxed, or e mailed to editors at newspapers, magazines, radio stations, television stations, and television networks. There are companies whose job is to send out this information. The use of a press release is common in public relations. People use this to get the media to take notice of them, or get publicity for a product, or event that they might be holding. A press release gives reporters the basic information they need to write a news story. Press releases can announce a range of news items such as. events, promotions, awards, new products and services, sales and other financial data, accomplishments, etc. A press statement is information given to reporters. This is an official statement or account of a news story that is specially written for newspapers and other news media for them to make known to the public. Mass media
The following is a list of the communes of the Doubs département in France. (CAB) Communauté d'agglomération du Grand Besançon, created in . (CAM) Communauté d'agglomération du Pays de Montbéliard, created in . Doubs
Menelaus (, Menelaos "wrath of the people") is one of the central figures in Homer's Iliad and a hero of the Trojan War. He was the son of King Atreus and Queen Aerope of Mycenae, and the brother of Agamemnon. He was the king of Sparta. His wife was Helen of Troy, said to be the most beautiful woman in the world. She was kidnapped by Prince Paris of Troy. That caused the Trojan War, as Menelaus sought to get Helen back. Prior to the war, Menelaus had one child with Helen, a daughter named Hermione. People in Greek mythology
Harris Lee Wittels (June , – February , ) was an American actor, comedian, writer, producer and musician. He was born in Oklahoma City and raised in Houston. He is best known for having been a writer for The Sarah Silverman Program, a writer, actor and executive producer for Parks and Recreation. Wittels died in Los Angeles on February , at the age of . References births deaths Actors from Houston, Texas Actors from Oklahoma City American television actors American television producers American television writers Comedians from Texas Musicians from Houston, Texas Musicians from Oklahoma Writers from Oklahoma City Writers from Texas
Caviar is a luxury food. Caviar is salted and un fertilized sturgeon roe eggs. The world's largest producer and exporter of caviar is Iran. The producer of percent of the world's caviar is the Caspian Sea. Caviar is usually put in gold, plastic, wood, ivory containers. It is rarely in silverware or steel because this may interfere with the flavor and color. Seafood dishes
Leymah Roberta Gbowee (born February ) is a Liberian peace activist. In she won the Nobel Peace Prize with Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Tawakel Karman. This made Gbowee the second African woman to win the prize. Her book Might Be Our Powers. How Sisterhood, Prayer, and Sex Changed a Nation at War was published in . Early life Gbowee was born in central Liberia. She was living with her parents and sisters in Monrovia when the First Liberian Civil War started in . Gbowee was and planning to study medicine. The war made things unsafe for Gbowee and her family. Gbowee moved to Ghana and lived as a refugee there. She later fled back to Liberia. Personal life Gbowee has six children. References Other websites Official website births Living people Activists Nonviolence advocates Nobel Peace Prize winners
Kunduz or Qunduz (, ) is one of the provinces of Afghanistan. It is in northern Afghanistan. There are about , people who live in the Province. The Kunduz River valley is the main feature of the Kunduz Province. Districts Related pages Kunduz References
Afro Cubans are people who are from the country of Cuba and who have ancestors who are African. Cuban people African people Ethnic groups in North America
Jeff Golub (April , – January , ) was an American jazz guitarist. He released fifteen albums between and . He also worked with Rod Stewart and Billy Squier. Golub was born in Copley, Ohio and raised in Akron. In June , he became blind from optic nerve issues. In September , he fell onto a train track in New York but was treated for his injuries. Golub died from progressive supranuclear palsy on January , , aged . References Other websites births deaths Deaths from progressive supranuclear palsy American guitarists American jazz musicians Disease related deaths in the United States Musicians from Akron, Ohio
Norolles is a commune. It is found in the region Basse Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. References Communes in Calvados
Jurassic World. Camp Cretaceous is a Canadian American science fiction animated web TV series about dinosaurs. It was produced by Universal Television and Netflix. It aired for the first time in September , . It is based on the Jurassic Park books by Michael Crichton and their movies. Synopsis Set in , some teenagers have been stranted on Isla Nublar, the island from the first Jurassic Park. Voice cast Paul Mikel Williams Darius Sean Giambrone Ben Pincus Kausar Mohammed Yaz Fadoula Jenna Ortega Brooklynn Ryan Potter Kenji Kon Raini Rodriguez Sammy Jameela Jamil Roxie Glen Powell Dave Roger Craig Smith Additional voices James Arnold Taylor Eddie Jeff Bergman Mr. DNA Phil Buckman Dr. Meriwether Benjamin Flores Jr. Brandon Greg Chun Dr. Wu Fred Tatasciore T Rex, various Dinosaur vocalizations Channel Links Fantasy television series American children's television series Animated television series television series debuts Netflix original shows English language television programs
Elizabeth Clark "Liz" Phair (born April , ) is an American singer songwriter and a guitarist. Her career began in the early s. She began by self releasing audio cassettes using the nickname of Girly Sound. Her debut studio album Exile in Guyville was released with critical acclaim. She has sold nearly three million records worldwide. Phair was born in New Haven, Connecticut. She was adopted and grew up in Chicago suburb Winnetka, Illinois. References Other websites births Living people American adoptees American guitarists Singer songwriters from Chicago Singers from Connecticut Musicians from Connecticut Musicians from Chicago People from Winnetka, Illinois
Dullah is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. References Union Councils of Chakwal District
Calumet is a city in Iowa in the United States. References Cities in Iowa
is a Japanese electrical engineer. He shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in for creating a method for mass spectrometric analyses of biological macromolecules with John Bennett Fenn and Kurt Wüthrich. References births Living people Japanese engineers Japanese chemists
Events The Solomonid king Yekuno Amlak kills the last king of the Zagwe dynasty in Ethiopia. The Solomonids begin to rule Ethiopia, which they continue until . Louis IX of France starts the Eighth Crusade by attacking Tunis. In Korea, the Sambyeolcho Rebellion begins. Births Jacob ben Asher, Spanish Rabbi (Jewish religious leader) Deaths King Louis IX of France
WWF Capital Carnage was a United Kingdom exclusive professional wrestling pay per view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) that took place on December , at the London Arena in London, England. Results Related pages List of WWE pay per view events References World Wrestling Entertainment pay per view events
Velda City is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. Cities in Missouri
Tingry is a commune. It is found in the Nord Pas de Calais region in the Pas de Calais department in the north of France. References Communes in Pas de Calais
was a after Juei and before Bunji. This period started in April and ended in August . The reigning emperors were and . Events of the Genryaku era April (Genryaku , th day of the rd month). the Taira (also known as the Heike) and the Minamoto clashed in the Battle of Dan no ura. and the Heike are defeated. Antoku drowned at Dan no ura. August (Genryaku , th day of the th month). Great earthquake in Kyoto and in the Kinai region. References Other websites National Diet Library, "The Japanese Calendar" historical overview plus illustrative images from library's collection Japanese eras
Prairie View A&M University is a public university in Prairie View, Texas, United States. It has about , students enrolled and it was founded in . It is an historically African American school with ties to Texas A&M University, though any person of any race may attend. References Other websites Prairie View A&M University Colleges and universities in Texas establishments in the United States s establishments in Texas
Düsseldorf ((, , . Low Franconian and Ripuarian. Düsseldörp . archaic , Latin. Dusseldorpium) is a German city. It is on the east bank of the river Rhine. It is the capital of the state of North Rhine Westphalia. Düsseldorf has about , inhabitants. About . million people live in the city and surrounding areas. The city has one international airport, a university, and the headquarters of many international companies. History In the th or th century there was a fishing or farming settlement at the place where the little river Dussel (which gave the name to the city) flows into the Rhine. Kaiserswerth is the first part of the city to be mentioned in writing. This was in . Kaiserswerth became part of Düsseldorf in . In the Counts of Berg got to rule Düsseldorf and they made it their residence in . On th of August there was a great battle between the Archbishop of Cologne and the Duke of Limburg against the Duke of Brabant and the Count of Berg. The Duke of Brabant won and the Archbishop of Cologne became a prisoner of the Count of Berg. So he could not do anything against Düsseldorf getting the status of a city. So Düsseldorf became a city with full City Rights in . The Counts of Berg became more and more powerful and Düsseldorf became the capital of the Duchy of Berg Mark Kleve Jülich in . in the Dukes of Berg Kleve Mark Jülich died out and after some struggles the Earls of Palatine (they were Prince Electors) became the new rulers of Düsseldorf. The most important duke of this line was Johann Wilhelm II. ( ), called Jan Wellem. After Johann Wilhelm the Dukes moved to their new seat in Heidelberg, because they also got to rule the Duchy of Bavaria. In the Napoleonic Wars the French won the Duchy and Düsseldorf. Napoleon gave the Duchy of Berg Jülich to one of his generals, who married one of his nieces. This general became later King of Naples. In the Industrial Revolution in the th century Düsseldorf grew a lot and had more than , inhabitants in . This number had doubled by . Düsseldorf was almost completely destroyed in World War II. In Düsseldorf became capital of North Rhine Westphalia. Infrastructure Düsseldorf is one of the most important commercial centres in Germany. It has an International Airport, which is the rd largest in Germany (after Frankfurt and Munich) with more than ,, passengers per year. The airport offers destinations on continents, and is served by airlines. Düsseldorf has two stations in the German high speed train network (Intercity, ICE) its Central Station and the Airport Station. The Main Station offers international trains to the Netherlands, Belgium, France and Switzerland, too. North Rhine Westphalia has the closest network of motorways in Europe. Düsseldorf is one of the crosspoints. Düsseldorf is joined to the interstate motorways A, A, A, A, A, A and A. Economy Düsseldorf is one of the most important economical centres in Germany. It has a regional stock exchange. More than national financial institutions and insurances work in Düsseldorf. Two of the four leading mobile phone companies of Germany have their seat in Düsseldorf like internet providers and more than advertising agencies. Düsseldorf is one of the European centres of fashion industry and has one of the most important trading shows. The TV channels CNN and NBC Giga have their German centres in Düsseldorf. There is a lot of manufacturing industry too like the chemical company Henkel. Düsseldorf is the most important seat for Japanese companies in Europe. Culture Düsseldorf is one of the cultural centres in Germany. The poet Heinrich Heine was born in Düsseldorf in . The classical musicians and composers Clara and Robert Schumann lived most of their lifetime in Düsseldorf and the romantic composer Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy spent two years in the town in the mid s. The Arts Academy of Düsseldorf is very famous. The modern artist Paul Klee and the modern sculptor Joseph Beuys worked there. Düsseldorf has a lot of museums, especially for Arts of the th and the st century. Most important is the Arts Collection of North Rhine Westphalia. "Kraftwerk", the first techno band worldwide and the punk rock band Die Toten Hosen come from Düsseldorf, too. Düsseldorf has a university, the Heinrich Heine University with nearly all subjects in mathematics, sciences, philosophy, history, languages, economy, law, and medicine. Düsseldorf has also a university of applied sciences, the Fachhochschule Düsseldorf. These two institutes have almost . students. The Clara und Robert Schumann Musikschule is a well known college for classical music education. There is one technical college and a lot of other colleges, too. Düsseldorf has an opera, more than cinemas, a well known theatre, and a rich cultural scene. Sports The traditional sport in Germany is football (soccer). For a long time Fortuna Düsseldorf , the most traditional football team in Düsseldorf (est. ), was very successful and won, for example, the European Cup, after one year back in the Bundesliga Fortuna went down to the German nd division in . Most successful sports team in Düsseldorf is the icehockey team of the DEG Metro Stars, former DEG Düsseldorfer Eislauf Gemeinschaft, the most successful icehockey team in Germany for a long time with famous players like John Peter Lee, Chris Valentine or Helmut de Raaf. Another very successful sports team from Düsseldorf was Rhine Fire, the American footballers of the city, who won the World Ball four times until the European Football League, called NFL Europa was closed down in . Education in Düsseldorf Düsseldorf has one university, the Heinrich Heine University with subjects in sciences, arts, medicine, languages, history, laws, social sciences and economics, an colllege with subjects in engineering and social siences, the Fachhochschule Düsseldorf, an well known academy of fine arts, the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf, a musics college, the Robert Schumann Musikhochschule and a lot of other colleges in applied fields. Famous people who lived in Düsseldorf Heinrich Heine, poet Clara Schumann, composer and pianist Robert Schumann, composer and pianist Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy, composer Konrad Henkel, founder of the Henkel Company Joseph Beuys, performance artist Jürgen Mittelstrass, philosopher Wim Wenders, movie maker Die Toten Hosen, punk rock band Liú Yángyáng (Yang Yang), kpop artist Notes References Other websites Website of the City of Düsseldorf Website of the Technical College of Düsseldorf
Character (Dutch. Karakter) is an Dutch Belgian movie, based on the best selling novel by Ferdinand Bordewijk and also directed by Mioke van Diem. The movie won the Academy Foreign Language Film at the th Academy Awards. The movie starring by Fedja van Huėt, Jan Decleir, and Betty Schuurman. drama movies s historical movies Dutch language movies Dutch drama movies Belgian drama movies Movies based on books
Earphones or earbuds are a small type of headphones and audio devices that people wear in their outer ear. Earphones are lighter and more portable than headphones. They let people listen to music on a walkman, MP player, mobile phone or computer. Earphones that are worn inside the ear canal are called In ear headphones or In ear monitors. They typically have better sound quality. Earphones often use a small plug for connection. Audio technology
Carlos Luis Fallas Sibaja (January , – May , ), was known as Calufa. He was a Costa Rican author and political activist. He was born in Alajuela to a single mother. Fallas only finished the first two years of secondary school. He moved to Limón. There he worked in the banana plantations of the United Fruit Company. Later, he returned to Alajuela at the age of and found work as a shoemaker. Works "" "" "" "" "" Costa Rican people births deaths Writers
Gary Kelly (born July ) is a former Irish football player. He has played for Leeds United and Republic of Ireland national team. Club career statistics / rowspan="" Leeds United First Division / rowspan="" Premier League / / / / / / / / / / / / rowspan="" League Championship / / } International career statistics .Total } References births Living people Irish footballers People from County Louth
Rennaz is a municipality in the district of Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. References Municipalities of Vaud
María de los Ángeles López Segovia ( March – August ), better known as Lina Morgan, was a Spanish actress and showgirl. She performed in movie, theatre, and television. She was known for her roles in Hostal Royal Manzanares (), Una de dos () and Academia de baile Gloria (). References births Actors from Madrid Spanish movie actors Spanish stage actors Spanish television actors
Far Eastern Republic (. romanised. Dalnevostochnaya Respublika, DVR), sometimes called the Chita Republic, was a nominally independent state established at Blagoveshchensk, covering the former Russian Far East and Siberia east of Lake Baikal on April , . disestablishments Puppet states establishments in Asia s disestablishments in Asia
The Id, ego, and super ego are ideas created by Sigmund Freud. They are three concepts used to explain the way the human mind works. Freud describes the human mind as interaction of id, ego, super ego. The ego, and to some extent the super ego, is conscious or on the surface. The id remains unconscious. Together they make up the personality. According to this model of the psyche, the id is the set of uncoordinated instinctual trends. the ego is the organized realistic part. and the super ego plays the critical and moralising role. The id, ego and super ego are functions of the mind, not parts of the brain. They do not correspond one to one with actual structures of the kind dealt with by neuroscience. Id The id represents a constant in the personality as it is always present. The id is governed by the 'pleasure principle'. Early in the development of his theory Freud saw sexual energy as the only source of energy for the id. After the tragedy of World War I, however, Freud felt it necessary to add another instinct to the id. So, he proposed thanatos, the death instinct. Thanatos accounts for the instinctual violent urges of humankind. Obviously, the rest of the personality would have somehow to deal with these two instincts. By adding thanatos, he could describe more mental phenomena. His idea of id had wide influence. The id is unconscious by definition. "It is the dark, inaccessible part of our personality... It is filled with energy reaching it from the instincts, but it has no organisation, produces no collective will, but only a striving to bring about the satisfaction of the instinctual needs subject to the observance of the pleasure principle"./ Ego The ego is the sense of self and the surface of the personality, the part you usually show the world. The ego is governed by the 'reality principle', or a practical approach to the world. It seeks to turn the id’s drive to behaviour which brings benefits in the long term rather than grief. Conscious awareness resides in the ego, although not all of the operations of the ego are conscious. The ego separates out what is real. It helps us to organise our thoughts and make sense of them and the world around us. "The ego is that part of the id which has been modified by the direct influence of the external world ... The ego represents what may be called reason and common sense, in contrast to the id, which contains the passions ... in its relation to the id it is like a man on horseback, who has to hold in check the superior strength of the horse. with this difference, that the rider tries to do so with his own strength, while the ego uses borrowed forces"./ But the ego "serves three severe masters...the external world, the super ego and the id". Its task is to find a balance between primitive drives and reality while satisfying the id and super ego. "Thus the ego, driven by the id, confined by the super ego, repulsed by reality, struggles...[in] bringing about harmony among the forces and influences working in and upon it, and readily 'breaks out in anxiety"./ Super Ego The Super ego aims for perfection and the ideal outcome. It comprises that part of the personality, mainly unconscious, which includes the individual's ego ideals, spiritual goals, and the psychic agency (commonly called "conscience") that criticises and prohibits his or her drives, fantasies, feelings, and actions. "The Super ego can be thought of as a type of conscience that punishes misbehavior with feelings of guilt. For example. having extra marital affairs". The superego consists of two parts, the conscience and the ego ideal. The conscience is the familiar metaphor of angel and devil on each shoulder. The conscience decides what course of action one should take. The ego ideal is an idealized view of one's self. Comparisons are made between the ego ideal and one's actual behavior. Both parts of the super ego develop through experience with others or via social interactions. According to Freud, a strong super ego serves to inhibit the biological instincts of the id, while a weak super ego gives in to the id's urgings. Further, the levels of guilt in the two cases above will be high and low, respectively. References Psychology
The Apalachee were a Native American people who historically lived in the Florida Panhandle. History The Apalachee occupied the site of Velda Mound starting about CE. They had left the area before the Spanish came in the th century. They first saw Spanish explorers in the th century. This is when the Hernando de Soto expedition arrived. They lived between the Aucilla River and Ochlockonee River, at the head of Apalachee Bay. This was an area known to Europeans as the Apalachee Province. The Spaniards had created Catholic missions throughout their province by the early s. The Apalachee were farmers and noted warriors. By there were eight towns, each with a mission. In addition to the Spanish, each town had an Apalachee population of between ,–. The British with their Creek allies often raided the Apalachee and Spanish towns. In a British army and hundreds of Creek warriors attacked the territory. The Apalachee were nearly destroyed. The survivors, who numbered about , dispersed. Over time many Apalachee mixed in with other groups, particularly the Creek Confederacy. Others found protection with the French in what is now Alabama and Louisanna. About descendants in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, claim an Apalachee identity today. Language The Apalachee spoke a Muskogean language called Apalachee. The language is now extinct. References Other websites The Apalachees of Northwest Florida Apalachee Before European Contact Native American people
Sterling is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. Cities in Oklahoma
Labour Briefing is a monthly political magazine made by members of the British Labour Party. The magazine was started in as London Labour Briefing. Throughout the s, London Labour Briefing lost supporters and influence as New Labour's hold over the Labour Party increased. This was also because control inside the Labour Party was centralised, and the role played by activists was reduced. London Labour Briefing was renamed Labour Briefing and was then known as Labour Left Briefing. In it was changed back to Labour Briefing on merging with Voice of the Unions. It supports the Socialist Campaign Group of Members of Parliament, and aims to promote and build the network of local Campaign Groups. References Magazines of the United Kingdom Labour Party (UK) establishments in the United Kingdom
Cooperative binding is when the number of small molecules binding to a macromolecule depends on the concentration of those small molecules around the macromolecule. This is a type of molecular binding, which is where molecules attach to each other in a stable way without decaying or breaking that bond rapidly. Example A popular example of cooperative binding is between haemoglobin and oxygen. In the lungs, there is a very high concentration of oxygen in the alveoli of the lungs. So the oxygen bonds to haemoglobin to form oxyhaemoglobin. When this travels around the body in the blood and reaches areas of low oxygen concentration, the oxygen is released from the haemoglobin. References Other websites Khan Academy Haemoglobin Biochemistry
Ryd is a locality in Tingsryd Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In , , people lived there. References Settlements in Kronoberg County
Hergiswil is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. It was founded in . The main sights of Hergiswil are. an old clergy house, the church, the chapel Maria zum guten Rat, old mansion Thumigerhaus, and a glazier's workshop with museum. The workshop was established in . It burned down on one occasion. References Other websites Official Homepage of Hergiswil Official Homepage of the Glasi in Hergiswil Glasi Ecuador site Municipalities of Nidwalden
Waidhofen an der Thaya is an Austrian town in the state of Lower Austria. The town is the capital of the district of the same name. It is on the German Thaya river. Twin cities Heubach, Germany since Telč, Czech Republic since References Other websites Official website of the town of Waidhofen an der Thaya Settlements in Lower Austria
Jeffrey Buttle (born September , ) is a figure skater from Canada. Buttle has won the national championships for Canada three times. He won the bronze medal (third place) at the Winter Olympics. He won the World Championships in . He has twice won the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships, a competition for skaters from countries that are not in Europe. Buttle retired from competitions in . Nowadays, he shows his skating acts in ice shows and makes skating programs for other skaters. Buttle is known for very good skating skills. The edges of his skating blades are leaned very deep, making his skating fun to watch even when he does not perform any jumps. He is known for his spread eagle and his Ina Bauer, skating movements on ice. Other websites Official Site International Skating Union profile births Living people Sportspeople from Ontario Canadian figure skaters
The Anti Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (or ACTA) is an international treaty that wants to make it easier to fight product piracy to protect intellectual property. This includes fighting counterfeits and copyright infringement, and imposing stricter regulations on generic drugs. ACTA is based on an earlier agreement called TRIPS. Japan is the only country that has ratified this. European Union also has signed it but many people in Europe is against the Agreement because it can violate human rights especially the freedom of expression and privacy. Intellectual property law Treaties
A gun buyback program, or gun buyback scheme, is a gun policy that would allow the government to purchase privately owned firearms to reduce firearms in a country, especially those sold on the streets. A buy back program would provide a process whereby civilians can sell their privately owned firearms to the government without risk of prosecution. References Legislation
Carteret County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In , , people lived there. Its county seat is Beaufort. Most of the county is part of the Crystal Coast. Government Carteret County is part of the Eastern Carolina Council of Governments. Connected Counties Craven County (north) Pamlico County (north) Onslow County (west southwest) Jones County (west northwest) Cities and Towns These cities and towns are in Carteret County. Atlantic Beach Beaufort Bogue Cape Carteret Cedar Point Emerald Isle Indian Beach Morehead City Newport Peletier Pine Knoll Shores Schools The county has its own public school system called Carteret County Schools. References Other websites Official website Carteret County News Times establishments s establishments in North Carolina
For other uses of the word "bass," see bass. Bass is the name of some species (types) of fish that are often caught for food or sport. There are freshwater bass (that live in rivers and lakes) and saltwater bass (that live in the ocean). Many bass live in or near North America. Bass are from the order of Perciformes or "perch like fish". Their name comes from the word for perch. Some well known bass species are. temperate basses such as the striped bass (Morone saxatilis) and white bass (M. chrysops), from the family Moronidae. warm water basses, such as the largemouth bass (Micropterus salmoides), smallmouth bass (M. dolomieu), spotted bass (M. punctulatus), Guadalupe bass (M. treculii) and rock bass (Ambloplites rupestris), from the sunfish family, Centrarchidae. These basses are also called black basses. Many other species are also called basses, such as. The Australian bass, Macquaria novemaculeata, from the perch family, Percichthyidae. The black sea bass, Centropristis striata, from the family Serranidae. The giant sea bass Stereolepis gigas, also called the black sea bass, from the family Polyprionidae. The Chilean sea bass, Dissostichus eleginoides, more commonly known as the Patagonian toothfish. The European seabass, Dicentrarchus labrax. Perciformes
County Kildare () is an Irish county to the southwest of Dublin. It is in the province of Leinster. The name comes from the Irish, meaning church (Cill) of the oaks (Dara). Other websites County Kildare Community Network http.//www.kildare.ie http.//www.kildarecoco.ie
Sir James Fraser Stoddart (born May ) is a British chemist. He is Board of Trustees Professor of Chemistry and head of the Stoddart Mechanostereochemistry Group in the Department of Chemistry at Northwestern University in the United States. He shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Ben Feringa and Jean Pierre Sauvage in for the design and synthesis of molecular machines. He was born in Edinburgh. References births Living people Scottish scientists British chemists People from Edinburgh
Moda is a district in Kadıköy, Istanbul. Barış Manço pop singer lived here. Moda has a coast suitable for jogging. From Moda coast the beautiful image of Bosphorus can be seen. Districts in Istanbul
Killingworth is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States. Towns in Connecticut
The Mendocino Complex Fire is  a large complex of two wildfires, the River Fire and Ranch Fire, currently burning in Mendocino, Lake, and Colusa counties in the U.S. state of California. It is th largest fire complex in recorded US history. The Ranch Fire is currently burning eight miles northeast of Ukiah and the River Fire is currently burning six miles north of Hopland. The fires were first reported on  July , . Both fires have burned a combined total of . Several communities and cities in the region had to be evacuated. By the night of August , the fires were collectively % contained. The River Fire was % contained and the Ranch Fire was only % contained, with flames on the northern flank still actively pushing towards Snow Mountain Wilderness. Impact The River and Ranch Fires have affected communities along the Mendocino and Lake County borders. People in these areas had to be evacuated. Lakeport, Kelseyville, Lucerne, Upper Lake, Nice, Saratoga Springs, Witter Springs, Potter Valley, and Finley, parts of Hopland, and the tribal communities Hopland Rancheria and Big Valley Rancheria. References Other websites Office of Emergency Service Fire Map in California July events August events September events
Max Bennett (May , – September , ) was an American jazz bassist and session musician. He was born in Des Moines, Iowa. He played for L.A. Express and The Wrecking Crew. He performed on many records by The Monkees and The Partridge Family. In , Bennett served as the principal bassist for Frank Zappa's Hot Rats project. Bennett died in San Clemente, California on September , from Alzheimer's disease at the age of . References Other websites Max Bennett Interview NAMM Oral History Library () births deaths Deaths from Alzheimer's disease Disease related deaths in California American jazz musicians Musicians from Iowa
MBLAQ is a South Korean boy band. They have five members. Seungho, G.O., Joon, Thunder, and Mir. The letters MBLAQ is an initialism for Music Boys Live in Absolute Quality. Discography Korean discography Studio albums . BLAQ Style Repackaged albums . BLAQ Style D Edition Extended plays . Just BLAQ . Y . Mona Lisa . % Ver. . Sexy Beat Repackaged EP's . BLAQ%Ver. . TBA Digital Singles . White Forever . You&I Japanese discography Compilations . BLAQ Memories Singles . Your Luv . Baby U. . Mona Lisa DVDs . Mona Lisa Style . This is War Music Story . MBLAQ 'Men in MBLAQ' First Concert DVD . The BLAQ% Tour South Korean musical groups
Bliss is a city in Idaho in the United States. Cities in Idaho Gooding County, Idaho
Mahendravarman I (– CE)was a Pallava king who ruled the Northern regions of present day Tamil Nadu in India. He was the son of Simhavishnu, who defeated the Kalabhras and re established the Pallava kingdom. Tamil literature flourished (developed) under Mahendravarman's rule. The popular Tevaram written by Appar and Sambandhar were done in this reign. Mahendravarman himself was the author of the play Mattavilasa Prahasana and another play called Bhagavadajjuka. Mahendravarman I was succeeded to the throne by his son Narasimhavarman I in CE. Battle of Vengi During Mahendravarman's reign, the Chalukya king Pulakeshin II attacked the Pallava kingdom. The Pallavas fought a series of wars (many wars) in the northern Vengi region. Mahendravarma saved his capital. But he lost the northern provinces to Pulakeshin II. Architecture The rock cut temples of Mahabalipuram, Kokarneswarar Temple of Pudukottai are some examples of architecture built in Mahendravarman's reign. Apart from Siva temples, Mahendravarman also excavated a few Vishnu cave temples. Reference Pallava dynasty
A vampire tap is a connection to a coaxial cable in which a hole is drilled through the outer shield of the cable so that a clamp can be connected to the inner conductor of the cable. A vampire tap is used to connect each device to Thick net coaxial cable in the bus topology of an Ethernet BASE T local area network. Computer hardware
Mrs. Ethel St. Clair Grimwood, also known as Ethel Moore, is a British lady who became to be known as the Heroine of Manipur in the History of modern Manipur. She is main person behind the devising of plans for the escape of Tikendrajit Singh from the several capture attempts of the British Army. She is the authoress of the "My Three Years in Manipur and Escape from the Recent Mutiny", published in , the same year of the outbreak of the Anglo Manipur War. References England History of Manipur
Piggott is a city in the US state of Arkansas. In there were about , people living in Piggott which is the largest city in Clay County. The town was first called Huston, but was later named Piggott after Dr. James Piggott, an early resident. In the town was used as the main location in Elia Kazan's movie, A Face in the Crowd, starring Lee Remick and Andy Griffith. Hemingway American author Ernest Hemingway visited Piggot many times during the s. His second wife's parents, Paul and Mary Pfeiffer, lived in Piggott. They converted a barn into a studio where Hemingway could write. He wrote a lot of his novel A Farewell to Arms in the studio. The house and barn are now the Hemingway Pfeiffer Museum and Educational Center which is run by Arkansas State University. References Cities in Arkansas County seats in Arkansas
Woodbury is the name of some places in the U.S. state of New York. Woodbury, Nassau County, New York, on Long Island Woodbury, Orange County, New York, in the Hudson Valley
is a type of thick, wheat based noodle popular in Japanese cuisine. Udon is most often served hot as a noodle soup in a mild, salty broth. Its simplest form is called kake udon. This consists only of dashi stock, soy sauce (shōyu), mirin, and udon noodles. Different things can be put on top of the soup as toppings. Often thinly cut scallions are used, along with other common toppings such as kamaboko, prawn or vegetable tempura, some spices, and wakame. The flavor of the broth and toppings, as well as even noodle texture and thickness, is different from region to region. Usually, dark brown broth made from dark soy sauce (koikuchi shōyu) is common in eastern Japan. Light brown broth made from light soy sauce (usukuchi shōyu) is common in western Japan. However, many other regional types exist outside of just broth color and mainly vary in toppings used. Kagawa Prefecture is famous for using udon as a staple food. Types Tempura Udon (topped with tempura such as prawn and squid) Tororo Udon (served with grated yam on top) Kitsune Udon (topped with deep fried bean curd) Tikara Udon (topped with rice cake) Curry Udon (Udon soup is curry,which contains dashi) Niku Udon (topped with beef that has been seasoned with mirin and sugar) Tanuki Udon (topped with agedama) Kamatama Udon (raw egg in boiled udons) Bukkake Udon (consists of noodle soup) Kamaage Udon (to eat without tighten the boiled noodles) Tamagotoji Udon (udon closed with egg) Tsukimi Udon (topped with raw egg) Nabeyaki Udon (noodles braised in a pan with many toppings) Yaki Udon (seasoned baked noodles in a sauce) Nabe Udon (to eat with vegetables in a pan) Zaru udon (cold udon on zaru) Definition According to JAS (Japanese Agricultural Standard), to be udon, a round noodle's diameter has to be over . mm and a flat noodle's width over . mm. Udon dough is made from wheat flour and salt. Noodles Japanese food
Leivinha (born September, ) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. Club career statistics rowspan="" Palmeiras rowspan="" Série A rowspan="" Atlético Madrid rowspan="" La Liga São Paulo } International career statistics .Total } References births Living people Brazilian footballers
Below is a list of animated movies from Walt Disney Pictures/The Walt Disney Company. For a list of live action movies from the company, see List of Disney movies. The following is a list of movies which are said to be the Walt Disney Feature Animation (WDFA) canon. They are also known as the Walt Disney Animated Classics. The canon includes animated movies that were or are being produced entirely by WDFA. Movies which are not part of the canon are movies which include both animation and live action, spin offs from Disney television programs, the direct to video movies produced by the DisneyToons studio in Australia (some of which received theatrical releases), or the Pixar movies (which Disney "presents" but does not produce). WDFA once announced that Home on the Range (released April , ) would be its final traditionally animated movie. They also said that from Chicken Little (released November , ) onwards, all future WDFA movies will be computer animated. However, this changed in July when a new traditionally animated movie, The Princess and the Frog, was revealed to be in development. Movies Released Films distributed by Miramax Notes. Upcoming Live action/animation hybrid Not produced, but released by Disney under its label. Related pages Pixar List of Disney characters References References Release Notes Studio/Production Notes Studio Ghibli films original release dates Other websites Walt Disney Animation Studios History Lists of movies
Bandai Co., Ltd. is a Japanese company that makes toys and video games. It is the third largest toy maker in the world. Companies of Japan establishments in Japan
Newburgh is a city in Indiana. It is in southwestern Indiana. Cities in Indiana
Adidja Azim Palmer (born January ) better known as Vybz Kartel, is a Jamaican dancehall musician. Kartel started a line of liquor in . Career Kartel has worked with Jay Z, Rihanna, Missy Elliott, Busta Rhymes, M.I.A, Pharrell, Kardinal Offishall, Akon, Jim Jones, Lil Wayne and Eminem. Personal life On September , Kartel was arrested. Jamaica's Major Investigation Taskforce (MIT) charged him with murder. Kartel was found guilty after a day trial. References births Jamaican singers Living people Murderers Reggae musicians
The Asian Rowing Championships were the th Asian Rowing Championships and took place from September –, , in Klong Phai Water Sport Training Centre, Pattaya, Thailand. Medal table References Other websites Asian Rowing Fedeation Asian Rowing Championships
Francisco Guterres, popularly known as Lú Olo (born September ) is an East Timorese politician. He has been the th and current President of East Timor since . References births Living people Presidents of East Timor Current national leaders
Hans Kleppen (March , – April , ) was a Norwegian who was a ski jumper in the s. He won a bronze medal at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Zakopane. Kleppen, from Bø i Telemark, became years old in March and, having been part of the Winter Olympics, was Norway's oldest living Olympian. References Other websites Report on Hans Kleppen's st birthday (Norwegian) births deaths Centenarians Norwegian sportspeople Skiers
A United Nations Parliamentary Assembly (UNPA) is a proposed idea to add to the United Nations System. The idea was raised at the founding of the League of Nations in the s and again following the end of World War II in . It has received the support of over , members of parliament from over countries worldwide. References United Nations
Naâma is a province of Algeria. The capital is the town of Naâma. There is an airport in Mécheria. Divisions The province has districts and communes or municipalities. Districts Aïn Séfra Asla Mécheria Mekmen Ben Amar Moghrar Naâma Sfissifa References Provinces of Algeria
Hurricane Bertha of July was a hurricane of notable status. This storm struck the northeastern Caribbean islands, Puerto Rico and the eastern United States, causing the deaths of almost one dozen persons and leading to $ million in destruction. The winds from Bertha were miles an hour when she struck eastern North Carolina on July . Despite the damage, the name Bertha was not discontinued (retired) in the Spring of ). in North America Hurricanes in the United States th century in Puerto Rico s in North Carolina July events Hurricanes in North Carolina
Guelma () is the capital of Guelma Province and Guelma District. It is in northeastern Algeria, about from the Mediterranean coast. History The town of Guelma was created in . and the modern city was established in . References Other websites Office de Tourisme de Guelma Cities in Algeria
The BCS National Championship is a game of American football, played each year by the best two college football teams in the United States. It is the final game of the Bowl Championship Series (BCS). The game happens in the beginning of January each year and the stadium changes each time. The winning team receives a trophy that looks like a glass football. College football
Mancala is a group of games played in Africa, the Middle East, and central Asia. People play the games by moving seeds on a board with pits carved in it. Board games
Thomas Philip Pollock (April , – August , ) was an American movie producer and studio executive. He started his career as an entertainment lawyer. He was the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the American Film Institute. He was an Adjunct Professor of Film at the University of California Santa Barbara. He was also co owner of The Montecito Picture Company. Pollock was known for producing Hitchcock. He was born in Los Angeles. Pollock died on August , from a heart attack in Los Angeles, aged . References births deaths Deaths from myocardial infarction Lawyers from Los Angeles Movie producers from Los Angeles
Nancy Richler (May , – January , ) was a Canadian novelist. Her novels won two international awards and were shortlisted for three others. Richler was also shortlisted for the Canadian Booksellers Association Author of the Year award in . She was born in Montreal, Quebec. Her best known works are Throwaway Angels, Your Mouth Is Lovely and The Imposter Bride. Richler also wrote short stories, which were published in magazines and anthologies including New Quarterly, Prairie Fire, A Room of One's Own and the Journey Prize Anthology. Richler died of cancer in Vancouver, British Columbia on January , , at the age of . References births deaths Canadian novelists Cancer deaths in Canada Writers from Montreal
Kelenna David Azubuike (born December in London, England) is an American basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the NBA. He plays as a shooting guard and small forward. He wears the jersey number on his team. He played college basketball at the University of Kentucky Wildcats. References Kelenna Azubuike's NBA player profile Other websites births Living people African American basketball players Golden State Warriors players Sportspeople from London American basketball players
Sophora is a genus of about species of small trees and shrubs. It is in the subfamily Faboideae of the pea family Fabaceae. Many students see Sophora as three genera. Sophora, Calia (S. secundiflora) and Styphnolobium (S. japonica). Related pages Sophora davidii Sophora macnabiana Kowhai Māmane Faboideae Trees
The COVID pandemic was confirmed to have reached Pakistan on February . Cases The first case in Pakistan happened when a student in Karachi tested positive after returning from Iran. By March, cases had been registered in all four provinces, the two autonomous territories, and the federal territory of Islamabad. Numbers there have been over , confirmed cases with , recoveries and deaths in the country. Punjab has recorded the most cases at over ,, while Khyber Pakhtunkhwa has reported the most deaths in the country, a total of . Response The country has been put under a nation wide lockdown until May, which was initiated on April and later extended twice. On May, Prime Minister Imran Khan announced to slowly end lockdown phase from May . Effect According to a report by the federal government, Pakistan could have expected , cases of the disease by April. However, the number by then remained under ,, less than half of what was expected. Vaccine Pakistan started vaccine trials in collaboration with Sinopharm, a Chinese pharmaceutical company in April . References s in Pakistan Pakistan
Abu Musab al Zarqawi (October , June , ) was the leader of the Iraq branch of al Qaeda, a terrorist group in the Middle East. He was born in Zarqa, Jordan. He was killed by a bomb that was fired by the USAF into the house he was in at the time in Hibhib, Iraq. References Zarqawi beheading victims births deaths Al Qaeda people Jordanian people
Donald Jasper Harris (born August , ) is a Jamaican American economist and professor emeritus at Stanford University, known for applying post Keynesian ideas to development economics. He is the ex husband of Indian American Biomedical Scientist Shyamala Gopalan, and is the father of the th and current vice president of the United States, Kamala Harris, as well as of her sister, lawyer and political commentator Maya Harris. births Living people
Sharon Chatman (born December , ) is an American former college basketball coach, a lawyer, and a judge. births Living people Sportspeople from California Sportswomen Women lawyers Women judges Sportspeople from Texas Lawyers from Texas Lawyers from California
Bernon is a commune of the Aube département in the north central part of France. Bernon
Daeboreum (Jeongwol Daeboreum) is the th day of the first lunar month of the Korean calendar. This is a traditional holiday in Korea. The moonlight is the symbol of light which sends away the dark, disease and misfortune. When full moon rises to the sky at Daeboreum, it is believed that the first person to see it will have good luck all year. Holidays Korea
Super Bowl XLVII (meaning Super Bowl in Roman numerals) was a Super Bowl game in which the Baltimore Ravens, winners of the American Football Conference (AFC) for the season, beat the San Francisco ers, winners of the National Football Conference (NFC) for the season, – to become winners of National Football League (NFL) for the season. The game was played on February , at the Mercedes Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. The win gave the Ravens their second Super Bowl title and their first since the NFL season at Super Bowl XXXV. Joe Flacco was named the Super Bowl MVP. The game was also nicknamed the Harbaugh Bowl, HarBowl and Brother Bowl because it was the first Super Bowl that featured two brothers as opposing head coaches with both Baltimore's John Harbaugh and San Francisco's Jim Harbaugh facing each other. The game also marked Ray Lewis' last NFL game after he said that he was going to retire from professional football at the end of the season. References in sports Baltimore Ravens San Francisco ers s in New Orleans, Louisiana s in Louisiana February events in the United States
Rhinovirus is the most common virus in humans, and the main cause of the common cold. It is called 'rhinovirus' because it infects the nose. The symptoms are very well known, and affect the whole of the upper respiratory tract, that is, the nose down to the throat. Children may get six to twelve colds a year. The temperature most suitable for its survival is between ℃ to ℃. This may explain why it is found in the nose, because the nasal cavity is be open to the outside air. There are types of rhinovirus, according to their surface proteins. The rhinovirus particles are only nm in diameter. This is much smaller than other viruses. many are ten times larger. References Viruses
Charles Thone (January , – March , ) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He served as the th Governor of Nebraska serving from January , through January , . He lost re election to Bob Kerrey. Before being governor, Thone represented Nebraska's st congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from January , through January , . Thone was born in Hartington, Nebraska. He studied at the University of Nebraska, Lincoln. Thone died on March , in Lincoln, Nebraska of respiratory failure at age . References Other websites Retrieved on National Governors Association The Political Graveyard births deaths Deaths from respiratory failure Governors of Nebraska United States representatives from Nebraska US Republican Party politicians Lawyers from Nebraska
Hercules is a constellation in the northern part of the sky. It represents the mythological Hercules of Greek mythology. It was one of the constellations listed by an astronomer known as Ptolemy around the year CE. It is now one of the modern constellations on the International Astronomical Union's list. References Constellations Constellations listed by Ptolemy
Swiftweasel is a free and fully open source build of Mozilla Firefox. Other websites Swiftweasel site Swiftweasel on Softpedia Swiftweasel on Freshmeat Geektank Review Web browsers Mozilla
was a Japanese football player. He played for the Japan national team. Biography Yaegashi was born in Daejeon, Empire of Japan on March , , but raised in Hanamaki. After playing at Chuo University, he moved to Waseda University. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined Furukawa Electric in . In , he was selected "Japanese Footballer of the Year awards". In , Furukawa Electric joined new league Japan Soccer League. He retired in . He played games and scored goals in the league. He was also selected Best Eleven times (, and ). In June , when Yaegashi was a Waseda University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Summer Olympics qualification. At this qualification, on June , he debuted against South Korea. In November, he played at Summer Olympics in Melbourne. He also played at Summer Olympics in Tokyo and Summer Olympics in Mexico City. At Olympics, he played as a captain in first match against Nigeria, he was replaced for injury in the minuts. This match is his last match for Japan. After the match, Although he could not play, he supported Japan team and Japan won bronze medal. In , this team was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame. He also played at , and Asian Games. He played games and scored goals for Japan until . In , when Yaegashi played for Furukawa Electric, he became a playing manager as Ryuzo Hiraki successor for the club and managed in season. After retirement, he also managed for Fujitsu times (– and –). In , Yaegashi was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame. On May , , he died of cerebral infarction in Tama at the age of . Statistics .Total } References Other websites Japan Football Hall of Fame at Japan Football Association Japan Football Hall of Fame (Japan team at Olympics) at Japan Football Association births deaths Footballers from Iwate Prefecture Japan international footballers Japan Soccer League players JEF United Chiba players Footballers at the Summer Olympics Footballers at the Summer Olympics Footballers at the Summer Olympics Olympic medalists in football Japanese Olympic bronze medalists Medalists at the Summer Olympics
Sir Clement Athelston Arrindell ( April – March ) was the first Governor General of Saint Kitts and Nevis from to . He also was the country's final colonial governor, from to . References births deaths Governors General of Saint Kitts and Nevis
was the th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. Historians consider details about the life of Emperor Ankan to be possibly legendary, but probable. The name Ankan tennō was created for him posthumously by later generations. No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the th monarch of the Yamato dynasty. Traditional history According to Kojiki Ankan was the elder son of Emperor Keitai. Ankan died childless, and the throne passed to his brother, who would become known as Emperor Senka. Events of Ankan's life Very little is known about the events of Ankan's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. Ankan attained the Imperial throne when his father, Emperor Keitai, abdicated in his favor. The construction of state granaries in large numbers throughout Japan was a demonstration of the broad reach of Imperial power and concerns. His death ended his reign after only four years. After his death This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Ankan. According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus (kofun). Ankan is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine (misasagi) which is associated with the burial mound. Related pages Emperor of Japan List of emperors of Japan Japanese imperial family tree Kofun period References Emperors of Japan
Rebecca Burrum Matlock (December , – November , ) is an American photographer. She was born in Manchester, Tennessee. She is the wife of former U.S. Ambassador Jack F. Matlock Jr. since . They both studied at Duke University. In the Matlocks joined the Foreign Service and were posted in following years to Vienna, Oberammergau, Moscow, Accra, Zanzibar, and Dar es Salaam. Two more children were born during their first tour in Moscow (David and Joseph). In she was named Honorary Trustee of the Friends of Davis International Center of Princeton University. Published works At Spaso House. People and meetings. Notes of the wife of an American ambassador (in Russian) Transl. from English by T. Kudriavtseva, Moscow. EKSMO, Algorithm, Challenges. A Memoir of My Life in Opera by Caldwell, Sarah with Matlock, Rebecca, Middletown, Conn. . Wesleyan University Press, References births deaths American photographers Writers from Tennessee
Tiengemeten is an island of the province of South Holland, the Netherlands. It lies in the Haringvliet and belongs to the municipality of Hoeksche Waard. About ten people are living on the island. It covers an area of . km². Islands of the Netherlands Hoeksche Waard
Bruyères et Montbérault is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. Communes in Aisne
Thomas Young ( June – May ) was an English polymath. Young made important scientific contributions to many fields. His most famous work is on the wave theory of light. He also did good work to the fields of vision, solid mechanics, energy, physiology, language, musical harmony, and Egyptology. Among others, William Herschel, Hermann von Helmholtz, James Clerk Maxwell and Albert Einstein have praised Young's work. References births deaths English writers English archaeologists Quakers British physiologists Fellows of the Royal Society
Brahmanbaria (Bengali. ব্রাহ্মণবাড়িয়া Bramhonbaŗia) is a district in east central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Chittagong Division. It was part of greater Comilla District until . Before the Sarail Pargana was a part of Mymensingh district. The district has municipalities, wards, mahallas, upazilas, union parishads, mouzas and villages. Geography Brahmanbaria District is located at the east central region of Bangladesh. It has a total area of . km². Brahmanbaria is bordered by Kishoreganj District and Habiganj District on the north, Comilla District on the south, Habiganj District and Tripura State, India on the east and Meghna River, Kishoreganj District, Narsingdi District and Narayanganj District on the west. The district is mainly by low lying land with small hills. Districts of Bangladesh
Marco Pantani ( January – February ) was an Italian professional cyclist. He was born in Cesena, Emilia Romagna. He was very good at climbing mountains in races. In he won both the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia. He was a popular cyclist, and his Italian fans gave him the nickname 'Il Pirata' (the pirate) because of his appearance (he often wore a bandana) and because of his aggressive riding style. He failed a test in the Giro d'Italia. He returned to cycling, but never won a major race again. In June of he went into hospital with depression. He died of a cocaine overdose in in Rimini, Emilia Romagna. His last entry in his diary read. Major results Tour de France results . rd overall. nd mountains classification. st young rider classification (Maillot blanc) . th overall. st young rider classification (Maillot blanc). Stage and wins . rd overall. Stage and wins . st overall (maillot jaune). days in maillot jaune. nd mountains classification. Stage and wins . Did not finish. Stage and wins Giro d'Italia results . nd overall. nd young rider classification. rd mountains classification. Stage and wins . st overall (maglia rosa). st mountains classification (maglia verde). Stage and wins . Stage , , and wins . th overall . th overall Other stage races and classics UCI Road World Championships Road Race (). rd (Bronze Medal) Vuelta a Murcia (). st overall Tour de Suisse (). Stage win Setmana Catalana (). Stage win Vuelta a Murcia (). rd overall. Stage a win Summer Olympics Men's Road Race (). th place Other websites Italian Official website Fansite Selection of videos of Marco Pantani in the alps References Further reading births deaths Summer Olympics Drug related deaths Italian cyclists Italian Olympians Sportspeople from Emilia Romagna Tour de France winners
Gastrointestinal bleeding (GI bleed), also known as gastrointestinal hemorrhage, is all forms of bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract, from the mouth to the rectum. When there is significant blood loss over a short time, symptoms may include vomiting red blood, vomiting black blood, bloody stool, or black stool. Small amounts of bleeding over a long time may cause iron deficiency anemia resulting in feeling tired or heart related chest pain. Other symptoms may include abdominal pain, shortness of breath, pale skin, or passing out. Sometimes in those with small amounts of bleeding no symptoms may be present. References Medical emergencies
U Carmen e Khayelitsha is a South African musical movie directed by Mark Dornford May and was based on the operetta Carmen. It stars Pauline Malefane, Andile Tshoni, Lungelwa Blou. Other websites movies s musical movies South African movies Movies based on plays Movies set in South Africa Movies directed by Mark Dornford May
John James "Jimmy" MacDonald (May , – February , ) was a British born American foley artist, animator, voice actor, musician, and the original head of the Disney sound effects department. He was also known for being the voice of Mickey Mouse from to . After MacDonald's resignment in , Wayne Allwine took over the role as Mickey from until his death in . References Other websites Biography at Disney Legends website The Voice of Mickey Mouse at The Scotsman website The Voice of Mickey Mouse at BBC Radio Scotland births deaths Animators Cardiovascular disease deaths in Los Angeles County, California Deaths from heart failure English voice actors People from Crewe
Pavol Biroš ( April – August ) was a Czechoslovak football player. He played as a defender. He was born in Prešov, Czechoslovakia. During his club career he played for Slavia Prague and Tatran Prešov. Biroš made a total of appearances in the Czechoslovak First League, scoring once. He earned caps for the Czechoslovakia national football team. Biroš died on August in Prešov from heart disease, aged . References births deaths Slovakian sportspeople Footballers Deaths from cardiovascular disease
Sean Allen Morley (born March ) perhaps best known by his ring name of Val Venis, is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is best known for his time wrestling for the WWF/WWE.During his career in WWF/E, Morley has held the Intercontinental Championship twice, European Championship once and World Tag Team Championship once with Lance Storm. References Other websites WWE profile births Living people Former WWE wrestlers Canadian professional wrestlers Sportspeople from Ontario
Thangjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India. References Meitei surnames
The adversarial system or adversary system is a legal system used in the common law countries. It is a system where two advocates represent their parties' positions before an impartial person or group of people. This is usually a jury or judge who attempt to determine the truth of the case. It is in contrast to the inquisitorial system used in some civil law systems (i.e. those deriving from Roman law or the Napoleonic code). This is where a judge or group of judges opens an official inquiry and decides the case. The adversarial system is the two part system under which criminal law courts operate. On one side is the prosecution who usually represents the government. The other side is the defense who represents the defendant. Each party may call witnesses and ask questions. Each party may present evidence based on legal ethics and that is approved by the court. For example, legal ethics prevent a lawyer from calling a witness they know will lie on the witness stand. Justice is served when the most effective adversary is able to convince the jury or judge that his or her case is the correct one. References Law Legal terms
Killeen is a city in Bell County, Texas, United States. According to the census, its population was ,, making it the st most populous city in Texas. References Cities in Texas
The ICC World Test Championship is a league competition for Test cricket run by the International Cricket Council (ICC). It started on August . It is meant to be the premier championship for Test cricket. References Cricket
A red light district is a part of an urban area where sex work is concentrated. Sex work in red light districts is either legal or illegal, but tolerated. In the world there are many red light districts, the most famous probably being the red light district in Amsterdam, De Wallen. In the red light district, sex workers are often helped and protected, and every month doctors visit them. Condoms are given to the sex worker so they do not catch any sexually transmitted diseases (STD's). In some red light districts, sex workers pay taxes, as in the red light district of Amsterdam. In other red light districts, sex workers do not pay taxes, because there they are illegal and often are put on the street with violence. In some parts of Africa there are villages of sex workers where they live and work, because they are not accepted by the people of other villages. Related pages List of red light districts
The Nikkatsu Corporation (日活株式会社, Nikkatsu Kabushiki gaisha) is a Japanese entertainment company known for its film and television productions. It is Japan's oldest major movie studio, founded in during the silent film era. The name Nikkatsu amalgamates the words Nippon Katsudō Shashin, literally "Japan Motion Pictures". Overview Nikkatsu's history dates back as early as when companies merged to form Nippon Katsudo Shashin Corporation, the first film conglomerate in the region to produce, distribute and exhibit theatrical films. In Chofu Studio was built in Tokyo as the largest modern film studio in the Asia Pacific Region at the time. the studio even had a permanent set of Ginza city. It quickly became the cornerstone of the company's Golden Era, together with its string of attractive stars who were then all exclusive to Nikkatsu. the legendary superstar Yujiro Ishihara, handsome young actors under the "Nikkatsu New Face" banner including Akira Kobayashi and Joe Shishido. actresses such as Sayuri Yoshinaga and Ruriko Asaoka. and directors Seijun Suzuki and Shohei Imamura. Nikkatsu flourished as the leading studio in Japan, enjoying box office mega hits with its action films starring Ishihara ("Crazed Fruit"), teenage love stories starring Yoshinaga ("Cupola, Where the Furnaces Grow"), and "Branded to Kill" starring Joe Shishido, works with a continuing international appeal to this day the films were so successful that Ishihara and Yoshinaga are still regarded as icons of the Showa period. When cinema attendance began to drop, Japanese studios slashed their annual film production. Nikkatsu, however, took a unique turn in when it launched the "Nikkatsu Roman Porn" brand, namely films for the adult audience. As one director recalls, "I had total creative freedom, as long as I kept some nudity in the film", the brand enabled Nikkatsu to be the only major studio in Japan at the time to continue producing films and hire young film makers. Thus, Nikkatsu soon became the hub for upcoming innovative talents, and many of the directors who were given this rare opportunity, later became dominant film makers in Japan. amongst them are Oscar winner Youjiro Takita ("Departure"), multi time Japanese Academy winners Masayuki Suo ("Shall We Dance."), Yoshimitsu Morita, Youichi Sai, Shinji Soumai, and many more. The brand continued until and many films from that time joined our proud classics library. In , Naoki Sato was appointed President of the company. Originally a producer himself, Nikkatsu's recent array of titles under his leadership includes cutting edge genre films by Sion Sono and Takashi Miike, and dramatical masterpieces. They have been highly acclaimed, including numerous Japanese Academy winners and nominees such as "Rebirth", "Cold Fish" and "The Devil's Path". Today Today, Nikkatsu's diverse business activities include operation of the production studio, overseas film acquisition, distribution, a cable TV channel (Channel NECO) and a Film Course at Josai International University. It is also a member of the Yomiuri Nippon TV group, the leading media conglomerate in Japan. In today's fast evolving market, Nikkatsu has a focus on international activities in , the company established Kantana Japan, a JV with a Thai production group and seeks to work more closely with partners outside the industry and around the globe. Companies of Japan
Rodrigo Valdez (December , – March , ) was a boxer from Colombia who was a World Middleweight Champion and Undisputed World Middleweight Champion whose rivalry with Carlos Monzón has long been considered among the most legendary boxing rivalries. Valdez was trained by International Boxing Hall of Fame coach Gil Clancy. Many people consider him, Antonio Cervantes and Miguel "Happy" Lora to be the three greatest boxers ever to come from that country. He is th on Ring Magazine's list of greatest punchers of all time. Valdéz died on March , in Cartagena, Colombia from a heart attack, aged . References births deaths Deaths from myocardial infarction Colombian sportspeople Boxers
Fairfax is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Towns in Oklahoma
Whip It is a American comedy drama movie. It is about a girl in Texas who joins a roller derby team. Elliot Page plays her. Drew Barrymore directed and acts in this movie. The movie received positive reviews. It did poorly at the box office. comedy drama movies s coming of age movies s sports comedy movies s sports drama movies s teen comedy movies s teen drama movies American comedy drama movies American coming of age movies American sports comedy movies American sports drama movies Coming of age comedy movies Coming of age drama movies English language movies Movies about dysfunctional families Movies set in Texas Teen sports movies
A Swedish American () is an American person of Swedish descent. They usually come from the great migration from Sweden to the United States in the th century. Many of them settled down in Minnesota. Famous Swedish Americans John Ericsson, engineer Greta Garbo, movie actress Charles Lindbergh, aviator Claes Oldenburg, artist References Other websites Ethnic groups in the United States
Kaufdorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. References Municipalities of Bern
Takumi Motohashi (born August ) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tochigi. Club career statistics Yokohama F. Marinos J. League Shonan Bellmare J. League colspan="" Yokohama F. Marinos J. League Sagan Tosu J. League colspan="" rowspan="" Montedio Yamagata rowspan="" J. League colspan="" colspan="" colspan="" colspan="" rowspan="" Tochigi rowspan="" J. League colspan="" } References Tochigi births Living people Footballers from Tokyo Prefecture
In physics, moment of force (often just moment) is a measure of a force's tendency to cause a body to rotate about a specific point or axis. In this concept the moment arm, the distance from the axis of rotation, plays an important role. The lever, pulley, gear, and most other simple machines create mechanical advantage by changing the moment arm. The SI unit for moment is the newton meter (kgm²/s²). Formula for moment. The Principle of Moment states that when a system is in equilibrium the sum of its CLOCKWISE MOMENTS equals the sum of its ANTICLOCKWISE MOMENTS. Some examples where moments (turning effect) are applied involve levers, like seesaws, opening and closing doors, nutcrackers, can openers, and crowbars. A lever is a simple machine in which one force called the effort is used to overcome another force called the load. In physics, a moment is a combination of a physical quantity and a distance. History of moment The principle of moments is derived from Archimedes' discovery of the operating principle of the lever. In the lever one applies a force, in his day most often human muscle, to an arm, a beam of some sort. Archimedes noted that the amount of force applied to the object, the moment of force, is defined as M = rF, where F is the applied force, and r is the distance from the applied force to object. Physical quantity
Libyan Premier League is a football league which is top division in Libya. Club / Al Ittihad Tripoli Al Ahly Benghazi Al Ahly Tripoli Al Akhdar Al Nasr Benghazi Khaleej Sirt Al Tersana Tripoli Al Shawehly Misourata Al Madina Tripoli Al Olympic Az Zwiyah Al Shat Tripoli Al Hilal Benghazi Al Najma Benghazi Al Tahaddy Benghazi Champions Former champions Football leagues establishments in Africa th century establishments in Libya
Cupuaçu (Theobroma grandiflorum), also spelled Cupuassu and Copoasu, is a tropical rainforest tree related to Cacao. Common throughout the Amazon basin, it is widely cultivated in the north of Brazil. The largest production occurs in Pará, followed by Amazonas, Rondônia and Acre. Cupuaçu trees usually are between and meters ( to feet) tall. Some trees can reach meters ( feet). They have brown bark. Their leaves are – cm (– in) long and – cm (– in) across. These leaves have or pairs of veins. As they mature, their leaves change colour from pink tinted to green. Eventually they begin bearing fruit. Cupuaçu fruits are oblong, brown, and fuzzy,  cm ( in) long, – kg (– lb) in weight, and covered with a thick (– mm), hard exocarp. The white pulp of the cupuaçu is uniquely fragrant. It contains theacrine (,,, tetramethyluric acid) instead of the xanthines (caffeine, theobromine, and theophylline) found in cacao. Cupuaçu can replace cocoa in many day to day foods, especially for children, such as chocolate milk. It is frequently used in desserts, juices and sweets. Cupuaçu seeds can be made into cupulate, which looks and tastes just like chocolate but is cheaper and more resistant to heat. Asahi Foods, a Japanese company, once tried to patent the production and use of Cupuaçu seed fat, but they failed. The wood is also commonly used for timber. References Other websites Theobroma grandiflorum http.//www.rain tree.com/cupuasu.htm . More detailed information Sterculiaceae Trees
Thomas J. "Tom" Bradley (December , September , ) was an American politician. He was the th Mayor of Los Angeles. He served from to . He was the only African American mayor of that city. His years in office mark the longest time by any mayor in the city's history. He became mayor after an election in . It made him the second African American mayor of a major U.S. city. Bradley retired in . His approval ratings had begun dropping because of the Los Angeles riots. Bradley ran for Governor of California in and . He was defeated each time by the Republican George Deukmejian. In , he was awarded the Spingarn Medal from the NAACP. Bradley died on September , in Los Angeles. He died from a stroke caused by a heart attack. He was aged . References Other websites Tribute to Bradley by Dianne Feinstein, with biographical information Tom Bradley on the Internet Movie Database The Bradley Effect by Raphael Sonenshein Bridging the Divide. Tom Bradley and the Politics of Race documentary births deaths Deaths from stroke Deaths from myocardial infarction Mayors of Los Angeles Politicians from Texas US Democratic Party politicians
The suborder Suina (also known Suiformes) contains perhaps the earliest and most archaic even toed ungulates. Classification This suborden Suina includes family Suidae (pigs, hogs) and the family Tayassuidae (peccaries). Older morphogical studies also identified family Hippopotamidae (hippos) among the Suina. Related pages Cetartiodactyla Even toed ungulates
The following list contains some of the most notable symbols in mathematics. Please note that these symbols may have alternate meanings in different contexts. Related pages Mathematical constant Other websites Mathematical Symbols — Math Vault Math Symbols List — RapidTables Symbols Symbols Mathematical notation
Sex chromosomes are chromosomes which determine the sex of individual organisms. In men, for example, there are pairs of chromosomes, and one of these pairs are sex chromosomes. Females have two X chromosomes, males have one X and one Y. An egg always carries a single X, while sperms carry either an X or a Y. That is how sex is determined in humans. Not all organisms have their sex determined by chromosomes. Those that do use the sex chromosome system have variations in how it happens. The account above is generally true for mammals. Related pages Sex determination Karyotype Chromosome References Biological reproduction Chromosomes
Barrage is a Luxembourgian Belgian French drama movie directed by Laura Schroeder and starring mother Lolita Chammah and daughter Isabelle Huppert. Other websites drama movies Luxembourgian movies Belgian movies French drama movies
DNA, short for deoxyribonucleic acid, is the molecule that contains the genetic code of organisms. This includes animals, plants, protists, archaea and bacteria. DNA is in each cell in the organism and tells cells what proteins to make. Mostly, these proteins are enzymes. DNA is inherited by children from their parents. This is why children share traits with their parents, such as skin, hair and eye color. The DNA in a person is a combination of the DNA from each of their parents. Part of an organism's DNA is "non coding DNA" sequences. They do not code for protein sequences. Some noncoding DNA is transcribed into non coding RNA molecules, such as transfer RNA, ribosomal RNA, and regulatory RNAs. Other sequences are not transcribed at all, or give rise to RNA of unknown function. The amount of non coding DNA varies greatly among species. For example, over % of the human genome is non coding DNA, while only about % of a typical bacterial genome is non coding DNA. Viruses use either DNA or RNA to infect organisms. The genome replication of most DNA viruses takes place in the cell's nucleus, whereas RNA viruses usually replicate in the cytoplasm. Structure of DNA DNA has a double helix shape, which is like a ladder twisted into a spiral. Each step of the ladder is a pair of nucleotides. Nucleotides A nucleotide is a molecule made up of. deoxyribose, a kind of sugar with carbon atoms, a phosphate group made of phosphorus and oxygen, and nitrogenous base DNA is made of four types of nucleotide. Adenine (A) Thymine (T) Cytosine (C) Guanine (G) The 'rungs' of the DNA ladder are each made of two bases, one base coming from each leg. The bases connect in the middle. 'A' only pairs with 'T', and 'C' only pairs with 'G'. The bases are held together by hydrogen bonds. Adenine (A) and thymine (T) can pair up because they make two hydrogen bonds, and cytosine (C) and guanine (G) pair up to make three hydrogen bonds. Although the bases are always in fixed pairs, the pairs can come in any order (A T or T A. similarly, C G or G C). This way, DNA can write 'codes' out of the 'letters' that are the bases. These codes contain the message that tells the cell what to do. Chromatin On chromosomes, the DNA is bound up with proteins called histones to form chromatin. This association takes part in epigenetics and gene regulation. Genes are switched on and off during development and cell activity, and this regulation is the basis of most of the activity which takes place in cells. Copying DNA When DNA is copied, this is called DNA replication. Briefly, the hydrogen bonds holding together paired bases are broken and the molecule is split in half. the legs of the ladder are separated. This gives two single strands. New strands are formed by matching the bases (A with T and G with C) to make the missing strands. First, an enzyme called DNA helicase splits the DNA down the middle by breaking the hydrogen bonds. Then after the DNA molecule is in two separate pieces, another molecule called DNA polymerase makes a new strand that matches each of the strands of the split DNA molecule. Each copy of a DNA molecule is made of half of the original (starting) molecule and half of new bases. Mutations When DNA is copied, mistakes are sometimes made – these are called mutations. There are four main types of mutations. Deletion, where one or more bases are left out. Substitution, where one or more bases are substituted for another base in the sequence. Insertion, where one or more extra base is put in. Duplication, where a sequence of bases pairs are repeated. Mutations may also be classified by their effect on the structure and function of proteins, or their effect on fitness. Mutations may be bad for the organism, or neutral, or of benefit. Sometimes mutations are fatal for the organism – the protein made by the new DNA does not work at all, and this causes the embryo to die. On the other hand, evolution is moved forward by mutations, when the new version of the protein works better for the organism. Protein synthesis A section of DNA that contains instructions to make a protein is called a gene. Each gene has the sequence for at least one polypeptide. Proteins form structures, and also form enzymes. The enzymes do most of the work in cells. Proteins are made out of smaller polypeptides, which are formed of amino acids. To make a protein to do a particular job, the correct amino acids need to be be joined up in the correct order. Proteins are made by tiny machines in the cell called ribosomes. Ribosomes are in the main body of the cell, but DNA is only in the nucleus of the cell. The codon is part of the DNA, but DNA never leaves the nucleus. Because DNA cannot leave the nucleus, the cell nucleus makes a copy of the DNA sequence in RNA. This is smaller and can get through the holes – pores – in the membrane of the nucleus and out into the cell. Genes encoded in DNA are transcribed into messenger RNA (mRNA) by proteins such as RNA polymerase. Mature mRNA is then used as a template for protein synthesis by the ribosome. Ribosomes read codons, 'words' made of three base pairs that tell the ribosome which amino acid to add. The ribosome scans along an mRNA, reading the code while it makes protein. Another RNA called tRNA helps match the right amino acid to each codon. History of DNA research DNA was first isolated (extracted from cells) by Swiss physician Friedrich Miescher in , when he was working on bacteria from the pus in surgical bandages. The molecule was found in the nucleus of the cells and so he called it nuclein. In , Frederick Griffith discovered that traits of the "smooth" form of Pneumococcus could be transferred to the "rough" form of the same bacteria by mixing killed "smooth" bacteria with the live "rough" form. This system provided the first clear suggestion that DNA carries genetic information. The Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment identified DNA as the transforming principle in . DNA's role in heredity was confirmed in , when Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase in the Hershey–Chase experiment showed that DNA is the genetic material of the T bacteriophage. In the s, Erwin Chargaff found that the amount of thymine (T) present in a molecule of DNA was about equal to the amount of adenine (A) present. He found that the same applies to guanine (G) and cytosine (C). Chargaff's rules summarises this finding. In , James D. Watson and Francis Crick suggested what is now accepted as the first correct double helix model of DNA structure in the journal Nature. Their double helix, molecular model of DNA was then based on a single X ray diffraction image "Photo ", taken by Rosalind Franklin and Raymond Gosling in May . Experimental evidence supporting the Watson and Crick model was published in a series of five articles in the same issue of Nature. Of these, Franklin and Gosling's paper was the first publication of their own X ray diffraction data and original analysis method that partly supported the Watson and Crick model. this issue also contained an article on DNA structure by Maurice Wilkins and two of his colleagues, whose analysis and in vivo B DNA X ray patterns also supported the presence in vivo of the double helical DNA configurations as proposed by Crick and Watson for their double helix molecular model of DNA in the previous two pages of Nature. In , after Franklin's death, Watson, Crick, and Wilkins jointly received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. Nobel Prizes are awarded only to living recipients. A debate continues about who should receive credit for the discovery. In , Crick explained the relationship between DNA, RNA, and proteins, in the central dogma of molecular biology. How DNA was copied (the replication mechanism) came in through the Meselson–Stahl experiment. More work by Crick and coworkers showed that the genetic code was based on non overlapping triplets of bases, called codons. These findings represent the birth of molecular biology. How Watson and Crick got Franklin's results has been much debated. Crick, Watson and Maurice Wilkins were awarded the Nobel Prize in for their work on DNA – Rosalind Franklin had died in . DNA and privacy concerns Police in the United States used DNA and family tree public databases to solve cold cases. The American Civil Liberties Union raised concerns over this practice. Related pages Bioinformatics Cell division Mitosis Meiosis DNA repair Chromosome Sequence analysis Epigenetics Junk DNA References Other websites Human Genome Project. information Cell biology Macromolecules
Singju or Singsu (Manipuri salad) is a Meitei Manipuri dish, mainly made up of a leafy green vegetables. It is generally consumed as a spicy side dish. Notably, Singju festival, an annual fair is organized in the promotion of the food item in India. Gallery References Meitei food
Freisen is a municipality of the district of Sankt Wendel, in Saarland, Germany. Other websites Official website Municipalities in Saarland
Granite Falls is a city in Chippewa and Yellow Medicine counties in the State of Minnesota. The population was , at the census. It is the county seat of Yellow Medicine County. References Cities in Minnesota County seats in Minnesota
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is a fictional boarding school in J. K. Rowling's best selling Harry Potter series. It is a school of magic for witches and wizards between the ages of eleven and seventeen living in the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland and Scotland. Hogwarts houses Gryffindor Gryffindor house was started by Godric Grand Gryffindor, from whom it gets the name. The house especially values courage. Its symbol (animal) is the lion and its colours are scarlet (red purple) and yellow / goldish yellow. Nearly Headless Nick is the house ghost. The Gryffindors always compete with the Slytherins. The Gryffindor Common Room (the place where the Gryffindor students spend their time and do their homework) is in one of the castle's towers, at the seventh floor. At the door, there is the Fat Lady, or the Lady who is fat. She lets the students in only after they give her the password (which changes from the beginning of the school year to the end of the school year). The Fat Lady wears a blue dress. In the room there is a place with fire, many chairs and tables, and two pair of stairs which take the girls and boys to their sleeping rooms. The head of Gryffindor house is Minerva McGonagall. List of well known Gryffindors Hufflepuff Hufflepuff house was started by Helga Hufflepuff, from whom it gets the name. The house especially values hard work, patience, friendship and fair play. Its symbol (animal) is the badger and its colours are black and yellow. The Fat Friar is the house ghost. The Hufflepuff Common Room door is near the kitchens, in the dungeons. It is a quite cozy and welcoming place, not at all like a dungeon. In the room there are yellow hangings and fat armchairs, with little underground tunnels that take the students to their sleeping rooms. The tunnels have round doors like barrel tops. The head of Hufflepuff house is Pomona Sprout. List of well known Hufflepuffs Helga Hufflepuff Newt Scamander Nymphadora Tonks Hannah Abbott Ernie Macmillian Zacharias Smith Justin Finch Fletchley Susan Bones Cedric Diggory Ravenclaw Ravenclaw house was started by Rowena Ravenclaw, from whom it gets its name. The house especially values intelligence. Its symbol (animal) is the eagle and its colours are blue and bronze, the house's saying is "Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure". The Grey Lady is the house ghost and when she was alive she was Helena Ravenclaw, daughter of Rowena Ravenclaw. The Ravenclaw Common Room is in Ravenclaw Tower, on the west side of the Castle. At the door the students must answer a riddle that the eagle shaped door knocker asks them. The head of Ravenclaw house is Filius Flitwick. List of well known Ravenclaws Slytherin Slytherin house was started by Salazar Slytherin, from whom it gets the name. The house especially values ambition and determination. Its symbol (animal) is the snake and its colours are green and silver. The Bloody Baron is the house ghost. The Slytherin Common Room is in the dungeons of Hogwarts and is placed under The Black Lake, in the school grounds. The house has a negative reputation, with a lot of people saying that it is the house from where almost all dark wizards in Britain, notably Tom Riddle (Voldemort), came from. The house is usually in competition with the Gryffindor house, as they "don't like each other on principle". The head of Slytherin house is Severus Snape and in the th book Horace Slughorn. List of well known Slytherins
Ehrwald is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol. References Other websites Settlements in Tyrol (state)
Juan Javier Espinosa ( – September ) was President of Ecuador, from January to January . He succeed Pedro José de Arteta as President of Ecuador. Gabriel García Moreno would soon succeed Espinosa as President. Espinosa died on September in Quito, Ecuador from a heart attack, aged . Other websites Official Website of the Ecuadorian Government about the country President's History births deaths Deaths from myocardial infarction Disease related deaths in Ecuador People from Quito Presidents of Ecuador
The th general election of Manitoba was on October , . It was to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba. The New Democratic Party (NDP) won out of seats, the Progressive Conservative Party (PCP) won seats. The Liberal Party won one seat. The Green Party and the Communist Party both ran candidates but none were elected. Since they had a majority of seats in the Legislative Assembly, the NDP formed the government, with Greg Selinger as Premier. The PCP formed the official opposition. elections in Canada election October events s elections in Canada General elections in Canada
McHenry County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. In the census, , people lived there. The county seat is Woodstock. It is the sixth most populous county in Illinois. McHenry County was founded in and named for William McHenry. establishments in Illinois Illinois counties
A dependent territory is a territory that is not fully independent or sovereign. They belong to a sovereign state, and are dependent on that state to some degree. There are varying degrees and forms of such a dependence. They are commonly distinguished from subnational entities in that they are not considered to be part of the state. A subnational entity typically represents a division of the country proper, while a dependent territory is a legally separate territory that enjoys a greater degree of autonomy. As an example, Greenland is a dependent territory of Denmark, and Saint Helena is a dependent territory of the United Kingdom. Most of these dependent territories were originally colonies, which often had no autonomy. Lists of dependent territories This list includes all territories that have not been legally incorporated into their governing state, including several territories that are not on the list of non self governing territories of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Dependency claims without general international recognition, including all claims in Antarctica, are listed in italics. New Zealand Summary. New Zealand has one dependent territory (Tokelau) and a territorial claim in Antarctica, as well as two self governing associated states. Norway Summary. Norway has dependent territory and dependency claims. United Kingdom Summary. the United Kingdom has Overseas Territories ( autonomous, restricted to military personnel, uninhabited, group of Sovereign Base Areas), Crown dependencies (autonomous), and dependency claim. United States Summary. the United States has dependent territories and dependency claims. The uninhabited Palmyra Atoll is administered similarly to some of these territories, but unlike the others is a fully incorporated part of the United States. References Notes
GlobalFoundries Inc. (GF) is an American multinational semiconductor contract manufacturing and design company in Malta, New York. GlobalFoundries produces chips for mobility, automotive, computing and wired connectivity. List of GlobalFoundries CEOs Doug Grose ( ) Ajit Manocha ( )[circular reference] Sanjay Jha ( ) Tom Caulfield ( present) Fabrication foundries References
Carla Paolina Gallo (born June , ) is an American actress. Gallo has had roles in the television series Undeclared, Carnivàle, Bones and Californication. She is known for appearing in Judd Apatow movies. Her career began in . Gallo was born in New York City. References births Living people American movie actors American television actors American voice actors American stage actors Actors from New York City
Bluffs is a village in Illinois in the United States. Villages in Illinois
George (Gia) Maisashvili () (November , – February , ) was a Georgian economist, human rights activist and politician. He was a presidential candidate in the Georgian presidential election of . He was born in Tbilisi. After the Georgian Civil War and the overthrowing of the democratically elected government by Eduard Shevardnadze in , Maisashvili was forced to flee the country and was granted a political asylum by the United States. Maisashvili died in Tbilisi on February , of colorectal cancer at the age of . References births deaths Deaths from colorectal cancer Politicians from Georgia (country) Economists Human rights activists
Andrew James Molan (born April ) is an Australian politician and former major general in the Australian Army. He is a member of the Liberal Party. He has been a Senator for New South Wales since November . He was also a Senator for New South Wales from December to June . Molan was born in East Melbourne, Victoria. He is married to Anne and has four children. One of his daughters is Erin Molan, a sports presenter. In April , Molan said he had an aggressive form of cancer. References births Living people Australian military people Liberal Party of Australia politicians Members of the Australian Senate Officers of the Order of Australia People with cancer Politicians from Melbourne
László Rajk Jr. ( January – September ) was a Hungarian architect, designer and political activist. He was born in Budapest. He became the member of the Hungarian avantgarde movement. In , he joined the Democratic Opposition, the underground political movement in Hungary. In he was one of the founder of the Network of Free Initiatives and the liberal party, the Alliance of Free Democrats, and served six years in the Hungarian Parliament. Rajk Jr. died in Budapest on September at the age of . References Other websites births deaths Architects Political activists Communists Politicians from Budapest
Al Nasr Dubai is a football club which plays in the United Arab Emirates. Al Nasr means "victory" in Arabic. It was founded in , making it the oldest football club in the United Arab Emirates. United Arab Emirati football clubs Sport in Dubai
Don't Forget is the first studio album by American singer songwriter Demi Lovato. It was released on September , through Hollywood Records. It had the singles "Get Back", "La La Land" and "Don't Forget". Track listing Personnel Credits adapted from the liner notes of Don't Forget. Performers and musicians Demi Lovato – lead vocals, piano Nick Jonas – lead vocals , guitar , background vocals , keyboard , drums , percussion Joe Jonas – lead vocals , background vocals Kevin Jonas – guitar , background vocals John Fields – guitar, bass, keyboard John Taylor – guitar , background vocals Will Owsley – guitar , background vocals Robert Schwartzman – background vocals Kara DioGuardi – background vocals Devin Bronson – guitar solo Jason Reeves – guitar Tim Pierce – guitar Dorian Crozier – drums Jack Lawless – drums Michael Bland – drums Ken Chastain – percussion Tommy Barbarella – organ , keyboard Stephen Lu – keyboard Production John Fields – production, programming Jonas Brothers – production Chris Lord Alge – mixing Nik Karpin – assistant mixing Ted Jensen – mastering Ken Chastain – programming Stephen Lu – string arrangement Design and management Jon Lind – A&R Cindy Warden – A&R coordination Phil McIntyre – management Kevin Jonas, Sr. – management Eddie De La Garza – management Dave Snow – creative director Gavin Taylor – art direction, design Sheryl Nields – photography Certifications References albums
Junya Nitta (born July ) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Honda. Club career statistics rowspan="" Honda rowspan="" Football League } References births Living people Footballers from Shizuoka Prefecture
Lloyd Vernet "Beau" Bridges III (born December , ) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor and movie director who is known for his role as Frank Baker in The Fabulous Baker Boys. He has won two Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards. Bridges was born on December , in Los Angeles, California to Lloyd Bridges and to Dorothy Simpson. He studied at the University of Hawaii and the University of California, Los Angeles. Bridges was married to Julie Landfield from until they divorced in . Then he was married to Wendy Treece since . He has children with Landfield and with Treece. His brother is actor Jeff Bridges. References Other websites Official website births Living people American movie actors American television actors American stage actors American voice actors Actors from Los Angeles Movie directors from California Golden Globe Award winning actors Emmy Award winning actors
Victor is a city in Iowa in the United States. Cities in Iowa
Megan's Law is an informal name for laws in the United States that require law enforcement authorities to make information available to the public regarding registered sex offenders. It was created after the murder of Megan Kanka. Individual states decide what information will be made available and how it should be distributed. Most give out the offender's name, picture, address, Prison date, and nature of the crime. The information is often displayed on free public websites, but can be published in newspapers, distributed in pamphlets, or through various other means. Megan Kanka Richard and Maurine Kanka and their three children lived in a small town in New Jersey. On July their daughter Megan was lured into a neighbor's house to see a non existent puppy. There she was raped and murdered by her abductor, Jesse Timmendequas. Timmendequas had just recently been released from prison after his second conviction on sexual offenses against children. He had served six of the ten years of his sentence. Searches for the girl turned up nothing. The local police quickly focused on three known sex offenders living across the street from the missing girl. Police released two of the suspects when they verified where they were. Timmendequas became the main suspect. He was released after several hours of interrogation. After obtaining a search warrant detectives searched Timmendequas's trash and found a piece of Megan Kanka's clothing. Timmendequas was questioned again and after several hours told police "She's in the park." When police then asked if she was still alive Timmendequas said "No, she's dead. I put a plastic bag over her head." The Kankas were outraged to find they were living across the street from a convicted child sex offender. Two days after her murder, the parents of Megan Kanka started the "Megan Nichole Kanka Foundation". The mission of the foundation is to identify the location of convicted child sex offenders in every community. The Laws Maurine Kanka began pushing for laws disclosing the need to notify residents of the presence of convicted sex offenders in their communities. New Jersey was the first state to pass a "Megan's law." In the Supreme Court of New Jersey upheld the State law. The continuing efforts resulted in President Bill Clinton signing the federal version of "Megan's Law." The Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children Law, or "Megan's Law", was signed in May . This was the first part. The second, or notification part of the law, was signed on November . It gave states one year to pass state versions of Megan's law. The District of Columbia and forty seven states met the deadline and passed their own versions of the law. The notification portion of the law requires states to make public information about all sex offenders. They may each choose how they want to implement that part. Under the law sex offenders are grouped in risk bands based on the nature and details of their offense. The public is not notified of 'low risk' sexual offenders. Information on 'Medium risk' offenders is disclosed to schools and day care center. 'High risk' sexual offenders' information is disclosed to the public. Shortcomings of Megan's law Megan's law is not without problems. As many as % of offenders have disappeared after providing false addresses. Sex offenders may offend outside their own neighborhoods where they are not readily identified. Notification laws may create a false sense of security, despite the greatest danger to children coming from family members and friends of the family. Some states release information on offenders only if officials there decide it is necessary. While many states are open and disclose offender information readily, some are very restrictive as to who the information is released to. People listed on a sex offender list may be placedin danger of acts of vigilantism, or be made homeless. Offender databases may be inaccurate and may mistake one person for another. Plea bargans may potentially result in a lesser conviction charge that does not require registration as a sex offender. Some offenders who pose no danger to the public may be required to register, such as a person who was convicted of a sex offense with a minor of similar age under a statutory rape law. References Other websites The Megan Nichole Kanka Foundation Megan's Law by State Sex Offender Registries establishments in the United States United States federal legislation
, officially the (, Rinconada Bikol. Banwāan ka Pili, ) is a city of the Philippines and capital of the province of Camarines Sur. References Cities in the Philippines
Gervase Markham ( June – July ) was a British computer scientist, engineer and writer. He worked for the Mozilla Foundation, and was a lead developer of Bugzilla. He started working on the Mozilla project in and became the youngest paid employee of Mozilla.org at age . Markham was born in Morland, Cumbria. He studied at Oxford University. Markham was diagnosed with salivary gland cancer in . He died on July from the disease at his home in Loughborough, Leicestershire, aged . References births deaths British bloggers British computer scientists British engineers Deaths from salivary gland cancer English Protestants People from Cumbria
Rachid Belhout (. June , – August , ) was an Algerian football manager and player. He managed Al Ahly Benghazi in the Libyan Premier League. Carer In , he was hired as coach of R.E. Virton, who were then playing in the Belgian Second Division. On December , , Belhout was made a manager of JS Kabylie. On May , , he won the – Algerian Cup by beating USM El Harrach in the final. On June , , Belhout resigned from his position as manager of the club. On July , , Belhout signed a one year contract with Tunisian club Union Sportive Monastir. On February , , Belhout signed a one year contract with Algerian club CS Constantine. Death Belhout died on August , , aged , after being killed in a car crash near Nancy, France. References Other websites Rachid Belhout at Footballdatabase births deaths Road accident deaths Algerian footballers Algerian football managers
Nelly Sachs (. December – May ) was a German Swedish poet and playwright. She is a Nobel Prize winner and of Jewish descent. Works In the Dwellings of Death Other websites Nobel Prize Lecture births deaths German Nobel Prize winners German poets Jewish German writers Jewish Nobel Prize winners Nobel Prize in Literature winners Swedish playwrights Swedish poets
A Adobe Acrobat Algorithm AMD Android API Apple Application Analog B Boot binary BIOS bitcoin byte bot Botnet Browser C C programming language Cable Cache memory Captcha Connection Control Cookie C++ Computer D data database datalake Debian decompress desktop dialer digital document disk operating system (redirect (or disambig) from DOS) download E ENIAC Electronic Numerical Integrator and Calculator electricity email email attachment Encarta encyclopedia Epiphany web browser End User License Agreement (redirect from EULA) Explorer ext filesystem type ext filesystem type F File allocation table (disambiguation from FAT or fat) FAT filesystem FAT filesystem file file types by ending filesharing filesystem firewall folder footnotes format FreeBSD freeware FTP Facebook ((Function)) G gigabyte (redir from gb) Gimp Gmail Gnome Google GNU GnuPG GPU Google Nest H hacker hard disk (redirects from hard drive, hard disk drive, hard disk) hardware Hash_function HDMI home page HTML HTTP HTTP_Cookie I Intel Icons Input device Internet J MarA jio Joo Jio Java JavaScript J# K KDE* kernel keyboard key keyword L laptop licensing examples for computer software link Linux Lavasoft Live CD LibreOffice M Macintosh Mac OS Mac OS X Malware Mainframe Computer Mandrake Linux Martus md media megabyte (redir or disamb from mb) Microsoft modify monitor Motherboard mouse Mozilla web browser Mozilla Firefox web browser Modem mp mpeg N NTFS filesystem type Netscape Netscape Navigator web browser network NNTP non commercial notebook computer Nvidia O ogg file format for multimedia OpenOffice.org Open Site open source Opera web browser operating system operating systems, a list P page Perl personal computer (PC) Petabyte pdf or more likely PDF peer to peer, PP PGP PHP proprietary piracy pirate plug in Python popup printer privacy program program release Python PRINT Q QNX QuickBasic QuickTime. QWERTY R Random_access_memory(redirect from RAM) ReactOS Read only_memory(Redirect from ROM) RedHat Reiser FS filesystem type root RSA Recycle Bin Reboot S scan search engine security server shared source shareware software spam spamming Spreadsheet spyware super computer super user surfing the internet Suse SDK SSD system synergy (synergistic) T training for computers Trojan horse Terabyte (TB) Tablet U Ubuntu undo UNIX update upload user USB V version virtual community Visual Studio Visual Basic virus Vulnerability]✓ VPN W Windows Wine (software) Wi Fi X Xine XML x, x(processor) x , x(processor architecture) Y Yahoo. Yotabyte Z Z (file format) Zoom in Zoom out ZIP Zettabyte(ZB) Other websites A Gnu Dictionary of Computing downloadable Computing Computer related lists Computers
Ba... Be... Bi... Bl... Bo... Br... Bu... B
Granès is a commune of people (). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. Communes in Aude
In Greek mythology, Hermaphroditus was the two sexed son of Hermes and Aphrodite. He was a minor god of androgeny, effeminacy and hermaphroditism. He also symbolized the unity of male and female. He was one of the members of the Erotes, a group of winged love gods. His name is the origin of the word hermaphrodite. Mythology According to a myth of Ovid, he was raised by nymphs in a cave on Mount Ida. At the age of fifteen, he traveled to the cities of Lydia and Caria in Asia Minor. It was there that he came upon a pool of fresh water. He undressed and bathed in the pool. Meanwhile, the nymph of the pool Salmacis, fell in love with him. She jumped into the pool and embraced him, not letting go, he struggled to get away from her. Salmacis prayed to the gods that they should never separate and the gods hearing her prayer, merged their bodies together, transforming Hermaphroditus into an androgynous being. Hermaphroditus, in anger of his transformation, cursed the pool so that anyone who bathed in it would suffer the same fate. Cult The worship of Hermaphroditus originated from Cyprus, under the name of Aphroditus. The cult was introduced into mainland Greece around the late th century BC. At rituals and sacrifices to the god, worshipers cross dressed. men wearing women's clothing and women dressed in men's clothing. The god was also identified with the moon, because the moon was thought to be both male and female. Art Hermaphroditus was a popular subject in ancient Greek and Roman art. He is often shown alone and sometimes interacting with satyrs and cupids. There is a famous statue called "The Sleeping Hermaphroditus" at the Louvre Museum in Paris. Greek gods and goddesses
Plessur is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of . km² and a population of , people (as of December ). The district is named after the river Plessur which crosses it. Plessur contains Kreise (sub districts) Chur, Churwalden and Schanfigg, which makes a total of municipalities. Districts of Graubünden
The unicameral parliament of the Serbian autonomous province of Vojvodina is known as the Assembly of the Autonomous province of Vojvodina. It has members that are elected every four years. The President of the Assembly was István Pásztor of the Alliance of Vojvodina Hungarians (SVM). The current parliament was elected in . Presidents Other websites Assembly of Vojvodina Serbia
William Conrad (John William Cann Jr., September , – February , ) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, movie director, and movie producer. Conrad is known his television role as District Attorney J. L. "Fatman" McCabe in Jake and the Fatman. Conrad was born on September , in Louisville, Kentucky. He was married to June Nelson from until her death in . Then he was married to Tippy Stringer Huntly from until his death in . He had a son, Christopher by his wife June. Conrad died on February , in Los Angeles, California from heart failure, aged . References Other websites births deaths Deaths from heart failure American movie actors American television actors American stage actors American voice actors American radio actors American movie directors American movie producers Actors from Louisville, Kentucky
Aerovías de México, S.A. de C.V. (Airways of Mexico, SA de CV), operating as AeroMéxico, is the flag carrier airline of Mexico. It is based in Colonia Cuauhtémoc, Cuauhtémoc, Mexico City. It operates scheduled services to over destinations. Its main base is Mexico City International Airport in Mexico City. The secondary hubs include Guadalajara, Monterrey and Hermosillo. Aeromexico currently has airplanes and goes to cities. Gallery References Airlines of North America Transport in Mexico establishments s establishments in Mexico IATA members
Marc Wilmots (born February ) is a Belgian football manager and former football player. He played for the Belgian national team. Club career statistics / Sint Truidense First Division / rowspan="" Mechelen rowspan="" First Division / / / rowspan="" Standard Liège rowspan="" First Division / / / / / rowspan="" Schalke rowspan="" Bundesliga / / / / Girondins Bordeaux Division / rowspan="" Schalke rowspan="" Bundesliga / } International career statistics .Total } References births Living people Belgian footballers Belgian football managers People from Walloon Brabant FC Schalke managers
Alain Guillaume Bunyoni (born April ) became the Prime Minister of Burundi on June . births Burundian people Prime ministers Current national leaders Living people
This is a list of rivers in Costa Rica. The list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. Atlantic Ocean San Juan River Colorado River (distributary) Chirripó River Sarapiquí River Toro River Sucio River San Carlos River Arenal River Pocosol River Lake Nicaragua (Nicaragua) Frío River Sabogal River Celeste River (Buenavista River) Zapote River Niño River (Pizote River) Sapoá River Suerte River Tortuguero River Reventazón River Parismina River Jiménez River Atirro River Pejibaye River Orosí River Pacuare River Matina River Chirripó Duchi River (Chirripó Atlañtico River) Banano River Estrella River Sixaola River Yorkin River Uren River Lari River Coen River Telire River Pacific Ocean Tamarindo River Nosara River Tempisque River Bebedero River Cañas River Piedras River Corobicí River Tenorio River Cañas River Salto River Liberia River Colorado River Abangares River Lagarto River Guacimal River Aranjuez River Barranca River Jesús María River Tárcoles River Pirris River Naranjo River Savegre River Térraba River Coto Brus River General River Chirripó Pacifico River Sierpe River Coto Colorado River References Rand McNally, The New International Atlas, . CIA map, . Instituto Costarricense de Turismo map, . Geography of Costa Rica Costa Rica Costa Rica
Rudolph William Louis "Rudy" Giuliani (born May , ) is a politician from New York in the United States. He is a Republican and campaigned to become President of the United States in . Giuliani was mayor of New York City from January , to December , . Giuliani became more well known during and after the September , attacks on the World Trade Center. In , Time magazine named him "Person of the Year" and he received an honorary knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II in . Rudy was campaigning in with the show Seinfeld where he appeared as the NYC Mayor candidate as the "over count" cholesterol man by eating too much yogurt. This "product placement" of Mayor Giuliani is often referred to as an excellent example of electioneering and boosted his popularity accordingly. On January , , President elect Donald Trump named Giuliani his Cyber Security Adviser. References Other websites Joinrudy.com Presidential campaign site births Living people American political commentators Mayors of New York City New York University alumni Politicians from Brooklyn Time People of the Year United States presidential candidates US Republican Party politicians
Ljubomir "Ljuba" Popović ( October – August ) is a Serbian born French surrealist painter. He was known for his many erotic and unusual subject matters. He was also known for his short documentary movie L'amour monstre de tous les temps () by Walerian Borowczyk. He was born in Tuzla, Kingdom of Yugoslavia (modern day Bosnia). Popović died on August in Belgrade, Serbia at the age of . References births deaths Serbian people French painters
Urbano Pio Francesco Rattazzi ( June – June ) was an Italian statesman. He was born in Alessandria (Piedmont). He studied law at Turin and in began working as a lawyer. He began his political career in , when he was elected deputy of the Kingdom of Sardinia. Urbano Rattazzi served as President of the Chamber of Deputies three times. twice in the Kingdom of Sardinia (from May to October and from January to January ) and once in the Kingdom of Italy (from February to March ). Very moderate member of the "Historical Left", he was twice Prime Minister of Italy. from March to December of the same year and from April to October of the same year. When Giuseppe Garibaldi tried to join Rome to Italy with a forceful action, Rattazzi ordered that he be arrested. However, "the hero of two worlds" escaped. consequently, Rattazzi was forced to resign and retire from political life. Rattazzi was also several times Minister and deputy, both in the Kingdom of Sardinia and in the Kingdom of Italy. He died at Frosinone. His wife, Maria Wyse Bonaparte, was a granddaughter of Lucien Bonaparte and a grandniece of Napoleon Bonaparte. Note births deaths People from Alessandria Prime Ministers of Italy
Mufti Dr Ismail Menk is a leading global Islamic scholar born and raised in Zimbabwe. He studied Shariah in Madinah and holds a Doctorate of Social Guidance from Aldersgate University. Mufti Menk’s work has gained worldwide recognition and he has been named one of “The Top Most Influential Muslims in the World” since . He has millions of followers across his social media platforms. His personable style and down to earth approach has made him one of the most sought after scholars in our time. He has endeared himself to people with his much loved lecture series, a Mufti Menk hallmark. Mufti travels the world spreading a simple but profound message. “Do good, help others while preparing for the Hereafter”. He is active in the international arena and is a strong proponent of peace and justice, speaking up against all forms of terrorism. References Other websites Mufti Menk's Official Website Mufti Ismail Menk's YouTube Channel Living people Imams Quran reciters Theologians Islamic University of Madinah alumni births People who memorized the Quran
Philip Baker Hall (born September , ) is an American actor. He starred in Paul Thomas Anderson's movies, Hard Eight, Boogie Nights and Magnolia. Other movies included Air Force One, The Truman Show, Bruce Almighty, Rush Hour and The Amityville Horror. Hall was born in Toledo, Ohio. He studied at the University of Toledo. He was married twice, both ended in divorce. Hall had two children. References Other websites births Living people Actors from Toledo, Ohio American movie actors American stage actors American television actors
Princeton is a city in Collin County, Texas, United States. Cities in Collin County, Texas
Howard William Cosell (March , – April , ) was an American sports journalist, movie and television actor, and writer. He was known for his sports announcing and for his roles in Saturday Night Live with Howard Cosell, Bananas, Fol de Rol, and in Sleeper. Cosell was born on March , in Winston Salem, North Carolina. He studied at New York University and at New York University School of Law. Cosell was married to Mary Edith Abrams from until her death in . Cosell and Abrams had two children. Cosell died on April , in New York City, New York from heart failure, aged . References Other websites Howard Cosell at Find A Grave The Official Howard Cosell Website births deaths Deaths from heart failure American journalists American movie actors American television actors Actors from North Carolina Writers from North Carolina People from Winston Salem, North Carolina
Patrick Cox (born November ) is an Irish politician and former television presenter. He was President of the European Parliament from to . He served as a member of the European Parliament from to . Before this Cox was a journalist and presenter with RTÉ's Today Tonight and then a Teachta Dála (TD) for Cork South Central. References births Living people Irish politicians Irish television personalities Presidents of the European Parliament
Fernando Grostein Andrade, or Fernando Andrade (born January , in São Paulo) is a Brazilian filmmaker, director, producer, screenwriter and director of photography. He is known for the documentaries Wandering Heart, with Caetano Veloso, and Breaking the Taboo, featuring Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter that discusses alternatives to the failed war on drugs. Fernando is also known for his prolific work in advertisement and video clips. In , Fernando founded the production house Spray Filmes. Located in the Jardins neighborhood in São Paulo, Spray Filmes acts in the realm of film, advertisement and internet production. Early life Fernando is the son of the PhD urbanist Marta Dora Grostein and the journalist Mario Escobar de Andrade, director of Playboy magazine in Brazil, who died in . He is the brother, on his mother's side, of the TV host Luciano Huck. Career Fernando got a degree in Business Administration at the Fundação Getúlio Vargas, in São Paulo. He studied film at CINUSP, USC and UCLA. Fernando began his career in communications at years of age at the advertisement agency DM and the radio station Jovem Pan . He also wrote articles for Trip magazine's website and for Playboy magazine. Film In , he made his first short film Strawberry, the first shot in HD at frames per second in Brazil. It introduced the actor Guilherme Berenguer in addition to the talent of other actors such as Fernanda Rodrigues and Daniel Dantas. The short film opened the International Brasília Festival, the th São Paulo International Film Festival, the Paulista Audio Visual Festival, as well as the Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films. The short tells the tale of a boy whose girlfriend's sexual fantasy is to have sex in a bathtub filled with strawberry jam. Frightened, the boy is advised by his psychiatrist to play along with the girl's fantasies, but at their first family dinner together, he discovers that the shrink is her father. In , Fernando Andrade went on a journey with Caetano Veloso to São Paulo, New York and Japan. For days, he documented the artist's discomfort with the recent success of his English language album internationally, revealing a new side of the Brazilian music master. With participations from Michelangelo Antonioni, Pedro Almodóvar and David Byrne, the documentary Wandering Heart premiered on the th of July in the Brazilian Circuit by way of Paramount. Wandering Heart, directed, photographed and edited by Fernando, was screened at the "It's All True" Festival in and the Rome Festival of the same year, where it was well received by the audience. according to Eric J Lyman, Hollywood Reporter, it was "one of the highlights of the weekend." The screening took place at the Conciliacione auditorium, Blasco Giurato (Director of Photography of Cinema Paradiso) was there. The film has one of the last registries of the filmmaker Michelangelo Antonioni, right before he died in . The film critic and founder of the "It's All True" festival Amir Labaki, considered the documentary "The most revealing portrait of Caetano. A figure that is here to stay." The critic from O Globo newspaper, Marcelo Janot, considered it "The best film from the recent batch of documentaries of Brazilian musicians." In , Fernando directed the documentary short Newspaper of the Future. The film documents changes within the newspaper Folha de São Paulo during the integration with its on line counterpart, Folha.com. It also showcased the new graphic design template being implemented and presented to the newspapers employees. Filmed during days at the newspapers headquarters and printing press in Tamboré, the production interviewed personalities such as Otavio Frias Filho, managing editor of Folha and the columnists. Clóvis Rossi, Juca Kfouri, José Simão and Barbara Gancia, amongst others. In , he released the documentary Breaking the Taboo, which discusses alternative policies for the failed war on drugs and has the Ex President of Brazil, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, as its anchor. The film features statements from Bill Clinton, Jimmy Carter, Paulo Coelho, Dráuzio Varella, Gael Garcia Bernal and other former heads of state from countries such as Colombia, Switzerland, Norway and Mexico. The film caused ample repercussions in Brazil, promoting the debate in the media, schools and even in the Brazilian congress, with a speech by senator Eduardo Suplicy. Veja Magazine published a page article on the film calling it "a meticulously crafted report made over two years with interviews from personalities, some of them of the same caliber as mentioned above, and others less known, but no less credible." The television show Fantástico of Rede Globo, Brazil's largest TV network, aired an minute report on the film and later polled the viewers on the subject, % voted in favor of legalization. Trip magazine published a cover story on the film. Filmed in cities around the world, the interviewed subjects include premiers, policemen, inmates and rehabilitated addicts who help compose a board that debates and consolidates the films argument. The Result of an ample research process, which includes interviewed subjects, Breaking the Taboo was filmed in cities around the World with the scenery varying from FARC poppy plantations in the Colombian Jungle to Amsterdam Coffeeshops and the American Capital. The Newspaper Folha de São Paulo considered that the film had "A consistent argumentative route, not necessarily aligned with common sense". The film also had repercussions in the English newspaper The Guardian. "The documentary highlights the perils of debating an issue so clouded by ideology and calls for an end to the stigmatization of the debate. It boasts the support of several former world leaders including Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter." The documentary is currently being adapted for the American and European market in partnership with the production house Current Sponge, led by Sam Branson, son of the entrepreneur Richard Branson. In , Fernando participated in the "Colors for Love" project of the Italian magazine Colors by directing and as serving as DP, on the short film "Cine Rincão" which tells the story of Paulo Eduardo, who was suddenly shot in the chest then went on to study film at the Criar Institute (an NGO which teaches film related skills to low income teens) and build the community movie theatre Cine Rincão. The soundtrack is by Lucas Lima and Caetano Veloso. Advertisement Fernando directs advertisements for Spray Filmes. In he filmed for ALmap BBDO the Open Cage campaign for the launch of the EOS convertible, an interactive film mixing d techniques with helicopter shots which received Gold at the FIAP and Wave Festival awards. In Fernando directed the Nestlé year anniversary campaign. In he filmed the Grafiteiros campaign for the launch of Sprites new Can art, the campaign was re edited in the next year for the X films. For Mitsubishi and Africa Advertisement Agency he filmed the "Make New Friends" campaign. For Arezzo and the art director Giovani Biano, Fernando filmed the "Love and Color" campaign. References Other websites births Living people Brazilian movie directors Brazilian screenwriters Brazilian movie producers
Kathleen Courtney Hochul ( . born August , ) is an American Democratic politician. She is the th Governor of New York since after Andrew Cuomo's resignation. She is the first female governor of New York. She was the Lieutenant Governor of New York from until . She was the U.S. Representative for New York's th congressional district from June , to January , . References births Living people United States representatives from New York Governors of New York Lieutenant Governors of New York (state) Politicians from Buffalo, New York US Democratic Party politicians
Nässjö is a town in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. It is the seat of Nässjö Municipality. The town is a famous railway junction. References Other websites Settlements in Jonkoping County
Herb Mitchell (January , January , ) was a National Hockey League player for the Boston Bruins from to . He was born in Meaford, Ontario, Canada. Boston Bruins players People from Ontario births deaths
The President of Republic of Lithuania is a official head of government of Lithuania. List of presidents References
Otogizōshi are a group of short stories with pictures, written in Japan, mostly in the period between and . There are about of these stories. They are about many different things. love, religion, fighting, humor, and other things. The otogizōshi were often read to an audience. Other websites Online edition of the Otogizōshi at Kyoto University Japanese mythology Japanese folklore
An equilibrium is a state of a system where all forces acting on the system is balanced. A system that is in equilibrium does not change. The word has been used for different concepts from different fields of study. Hydrostatic equilibrium applies to liquids. Thermal equilibrium means as much heat is entering and leaving something. Homeostasis is a living thing keeping its internal balance. Equilibrioception is how an animal stands upright. Chemical equilibrium Chemical equilibrium is an idea which describes the behavior of chemical reactions over time. In reactions that have finished reacting and have attained equlibrium, the concentrations of the reactant and product chemicals do not change. An example of an equilibrium reaction is as follows. In the example above, the double arrow shows that the reaction is an equilibrium reaction. This means that the forward reaction and the backward reaction can happen, usually due to a small enthalpy change in each reaction. Hence, the amount of product chemicals to reactant chemicals remains a fixed value, and such a ratio is called the equilibrium constant (Kc). Equilibrium constant The equilibrium constant is a ratio of the concentration of the products raised to the appropriate powers to the concentration of the reactants raised to the appropriate powers. In the above example, the equilibrium constant is as follows. For some reactions, the equilibrium constant is very large, in which case nearly all of the reactant chemical is turned into products, such as when paper is burned. For other reactions, it is very small, which results in very little products being formed. If the equilibrium constant is close to , a mixture of both products and reactants is expected at equilibrium. When chemists talk about equilibrium constants, they call reactions with large K values favorable and reactions with small K values unfavorable. It is important to note, however, these terms are not judgements about the value or usefulness of a particular chemical reaction. In fact, some very important reactions are actually "unfavorable". one such example is the synthesis of ammonia from nitrogen and hydrogen gas (Haber process), which has a rather small equilibrium constant. Understanding how chemical equilibriums work is important as it helps in understanding how a reaction happens. It allows chemists to calculate how much products will be formed from a reaction. Le Chatelier's principle The concept of Le Chatelier's principle is important in predicting how an equilibrium will change when different factors are changed in a system. For example, using the Le Chatelier's principle, we are able to predict how the position of equilibrium will change when the concentration of a certain reactant/product has changed, as the system will try to counteract the change by favoring either the forward or the backward reaction An exception to this rule is when an outside energy source forces the reaction to occur in the opposite direction, such as when a battery is recharged. Knowing the equilibrium constant of a reaction also helps you to understand the flow of energy that occurs during the reaction (thermodynamics). Analytical chemistry Physical chemistry Physics
The Malleco Province () is one of two provinces of the Chilean region of Araucanía (IX). The provincial capital is the city of Angol. Geography The Malleco province is in the northern half of the Araucanía region with an area of . The capital, Temuco, is in the northwestern part of the province. Malleco is bordered to the north by the Bío Bío provinces, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Cautín province and to the west by the Arauco province. Climate The average amount of precipitation for the year in Angol Los Estanques, at an altitude of , is . The month with the most precipitation on average is July with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of . Population (last national census), there were , people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was , persons ( of the total population). The largest city of the province, in , is its capital, Angol, with , inhabitants. Administration As a province, Malleco is a second level administrative division, consisting of communes (comunas). The city of Angol serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor. Related pages Provinces of Chile References Other websites Territorial division of Chile Gobierno Regional de la Araucanía Official website Province of Malleco website Provinces of Chile
Nicholas Viscardi (October , – November , ), known professionally as Nick Cardy or Nick Cardi, was American comic book artist. He is best known for his DC Comics work on Aquaman, the Teen Titans and other major characters. Cardy was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in . Cardy was born on October , in New York City, New York. He studied at the Art Students League of New York, studying life drawing. Cardy was married to Ruth Houghby from until they divorced in . They had one son. Cardy died on November , from heart failure at his Miami, Florida home, aged . References Other websites The Official Nick Cardy Website. Archived from the original on September , . World Talk Radio. Audio interview with Nick Cardy Evanier, Mark. Transcript excerpt, Comic Con International Nick Cardy panel, part , POV Online, column of March , . WebCitation archive. Panel above, part . WebCitation archive. Where Monsters Dwell interview (mp audio) births deaths Deaths from heart failure American comics writers American comics artists Writers from New York City
Yitzhak Navon (‎. April – November ) was an Israeli politician, diplomat and author. He was the fifth President of Israel between and . He was the first Israeli president to be born in Jerusalem and not Russia. In , people voted him as the th greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website Ynet. References Other websites Yitzhak Navon Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs Yitzhak Navon Jewish Virtual Library Some songs with lyrics and/or music by Yitzhak Navon births deaths Former Members of Knesset Government ministers of Israel Israeli diplomats Jewish Israeli politicians Jewish Israeli writers People from Jerusalem Presidents of Israel
Wolfgang Dauner ( December – January ) was a German jazz fusion pianist. He worked in the United Jazz and Rock Ensemble and with Hans Koller, Albert Mangelsdorff, Volker Kriegel and Ack van Rooyen. In , he was leader and composer for Radio Jazz Group Stuttgart. A year later he started the jazz rock band Et Cetera. Dauner died on January in Stuttgart, Germany at the age of . References births deaths German pianists Jazz musicians People from Stuttgart th century German composers st century German composers
Yu Kil chun (, – ) was a Korean politician, philosopher, thinker, reform activist and independence activist during the Joseon Dynasty. His nickname was Gudang, Chunmin, Guyil. Life Yu Kil chun was born in Kwangju. In his early years he studied under Park Kyu su and Oh Kyung suk. As a young man in , he went to Meiji Japan to study at Keio University. He then went to the United States in to study mathematics. After his he was accused of supporting the Gaehwadang (enlightenment party). He was arrested and put in jail from to . Between and , Yu worked for the government of prime minister Kim Hongjip. He was Vice Minister of State for Home Office. In October , Korea's King Gojong claimed that Yu was involved in the assassination of Queen Min. Kim was killed and his cabinet was disbanded. Yu went to the Russian embassy and escaped the country for exile in Japan. He returned to Korea in after he was pardoned by Emperor Sunjeong. In , when Korea was annexed by Imperial Japan, Yun started a movement against the annexation. Yu was offered the title danshaku by the Government of Japan, but he refused it. He died in of a heart problem. He was aged . Works Seoyugyonmun (서유견문) Notes Sources De Ceuster, Koen. “The World in a Book. Yu Kilchun’s Soyu kyonmun.” In Remco E. Breuker, ed. Korea in the Middle. Korean Studies and Area Studies. Essays in Honour of Boudewijn Walraven. Leiden. CNWS Publications, . Other websites 구당 유길준(矩堂 兪吉濬).년 월의 문화 인물 Yu Kil chun Yu Kil chun , Korean historical person information Yu Gil jun Yu Gil jun Yu Gil jun births deaths Korean activists Korean educators Anti Communists Korean politicians Murder victims Autobiographers
The FTSE (often said 'foot sie'), now known as FTSE Russell Group, is an important stock exchange in London, United Kingdom, similar to the Dow Jones Industrial Average, in the United States, or the CAC , in France. FTSE stands for Financial Times Stock Exchange. The London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) owns the FTSE Russell Group. In addition to the FTSE Russell Group, the LSEG also owns the Borsa Italiana, Millennium IT, and other financial brands. The biggest companies in the United Kingdom are listed on it. The index took the place of the FT in January . The FTSE is often considered a leading indicator of prosperity for the companies in the U.K. and the U.K. economy in general. As such, it typically draws investors looking for exposure to big U.K. companies. While several of its listings do include companies with homes outside of the U.K., it is most significantly made up of U.K. companies and impacted by U.K. daily developments. It is calculated by computers in real time, and the cost of shares in the companies is reported every seconds. Companies i Admiral Group Alliance Trust AMEC Anglo American Antofagasta Associated British Foods AstraZeneca Autonomy Corporation Aviva BAE Systems BG Group BHP Billiton BP BT Group Barclays British Airways British American Tobacco British Land Company British Sky Broadcasting Group Bunzl Burberry Group Cable & Wireless Cadbury Cairn Energy Capita Group Carnival Centrica Cobham Compass Group Diageo Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation Experian Fresnillo Friends Provident GS GlaxoSmithKline HSBC Hammerson Home Retail Group ICAP Imperial Tobacco Inmarsat InterContinental Hotels Group International Power Intertek Group Invensys Johnson Matthey Kazakhmys Kingfisher Land Securities Group Legal & General Liberty International Lloyds Banking Group London Stock Exchange Group Lonmin Man Group Marks & Spencer Wm Morrison Supermarkets National Grid Next Old Mutual Pearson Petrofac Prudential RSA Insurance Group Randgold Resources Reckitt Benckiser Reed Elsevier Rentokil Initial Rexam Rio Tinto Group Rolls Royce Group Royal Bank of Scotland Group Royal Dutch Shell SABMiller Sage Group J Sainsbury Schroders Scottish and Southern Energy SEGRO Serco Group Severn Trent Shire Pharmaceuticals Group Smith & Nephew Smiths Group Standard Chartered Bank Standard Life Tesco Thomas Cook Group TUI Travel Tullow Oil Unilever United Utilities Vedanta Resources Vodafone WPP Group Whitbread Wolseley Xstrata References Other websites Latest FTSE Prices London Stock Exchange Homepage moneyextra.com FTSE Information FTSE Profle at Wikinvest establishments in the United Kingdom London Stock market
The Sonata No. in C major, K. , is a piece of music for solo piano. It was composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. On June , he added the piece to his catalogue as "a little Piano Sonata for beginners". He may have written the piece for a pupil. If he did, that pupil is not known. In the end, the story behind the sonata is a mystery. On August Mozart wrote a letter to his sister Nannerl. She was living in Salzburg. He had sent her some pieces for the piano. He wrote, "Indeed you have every reason to be vexed with me. But will you really be so, when you receive by this mail coach my very latest compositions for the keyboard. Surely not. This, I hope, will make everything all right again." This passage might refer to the Sonata in C. But it may refer to other keyboard compositions Mozart wrote the same year. The manuscript is lost. The piece was not published during Mozart's lifetime. It was first published in February by the Bureau des arts et d'Industrie in Vienna. It was titled "Sonate facile pour le pianoforte" (). At least three more editions were published within a short time. Breitkopf & Härtel did not include it in their Oeuvres complettes. A typical performance lasts about minutes. Music The first movement is written in sonata form. It is in the key of C major. The tempo marking is Allegro (Fast). The opening theme is accompanied by an Alberti bass played in the left hand. A bridge passage composed of scales follows, arriving at a cadence in G major, the key in which the second theme is then played. A codetta follows to conclude the exposition. The exposition is repeated. The development starts in G minor and modulates through several keys. The recapitulation begins in the subdominant key of F major. According to Charles Rosen, the practice of beginning a recapitulation in the subdominant was "rare at the time [the sonata] was written".. The second movement is in the key of G major, the dominant key of C major. The music modulates to the dominant key of D major, and then back to G major in which the exposition is heard again. For the development, the music modulates to G minor, then B♭ major, then C minor, then G minor and finally back to G major, at which point the recapitulation occurs followed by a short coda. The third movement is in rondo form. It is in the tonic key of C major. The first theme is lively. It sets the mood of the piece. The second theme is in G major. It has an Alberti bass in the left hand. The first theme appears again. A third theme is in a minor key. It modulates through different keys before returning to C major. The first theme appears again. It is followed by a coda, and the rondo ends in C major. The finale was transcribed to F major. It was put together with a solo piano arrangement of the second movement of the violin sonata in F major. It became the Piano Sonata in F major, K. a. References Other websites Complete score Compositions by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart Solo piano pieces Sonatas
Rangeley is a town in Franklin County, Maine in the United States. The population was , in the census. The town is on the east side of Rangeley Lake, in the Western Maine mountains. It is a popular summer resort. The winters are very cold with a snow cover. A sign in town says that Rangeley is halfway between the Equator and the North Pole. History Rangeley is named after an English settler, Squire James Rangeley. He had a , acre piece of land that was bought in by his father. He came in to build the town. He built a sawmill, a gristmill, a mansion, and a ten mile road to get to other towns. The Phillips and Rangeley railroad opened in and tourists from Boston. Hartford. New York. and Philadelphia started to come. In the early s, Rangeley became a summer resort area with camps, cabins, summer homes, and hotels. The cool mountain climate and plenty of sport fishing make this a likeable town. Some local people became fishing guides for visitors. Among the fishermen was President Herbert Hoover. The big hotels went away during World War II. The Rangeley Lake House was torn down in . New hotels have taken their place, so Rangeley remains popular. Notable people One of many famous people who lives in Rangeley is Kurt Russell, the movie star. He quietly owns a home in the mountains here. He is locally called by the name "Snake Plisskin". His father, the actor Bing Russell, was a native of Rangeley. Wilhelm Reich, a well known Austrian American psychiatrist and psychoanalyst made his home in Rangeley during his later years. He took over a large estate () and named it Orgonon. It became his home, laboratory and research center. Reich is buried here on the grounds. It is now open to the public as the Wilhelm Reich Museum, with rental cottages available. References Other websites Rangeley Public Library Rangeley Maine News Rangeley Maine Tourism Information. Has photos of the area. Rangeley Lodging Information Towns in Maine establishments in the United States th century establishments in Maine
Embres et Castelmaure is a commune of people (). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. Communes in Aude
Gremlins . The New Batch is a American comedy horror movie. It is about gremlins who attack people in a high rise office building. The gremlins get wet and are killed when an electric gremlin shocks them. A female gremlin survives and later marries. Phoebe Cates plays Kate Beringer. Howie Mandel plays Gizmo. Julia Sweeney plays Peggy. It is the sequel to Gremlins. This movie was released in June . The review from some critics was very positive. The box office was not good. The rating in the United States was PG . Other websites comedy movies horror movies thriller movies s horror thriller movies American comedy movies American horror thriller movies English language movies Movies directed by Joe Dante Sequel movies Warner Bros. movies
Jessica Alice Cave Lloyd (born May ) is an English actress, comedian and cartoonist. She played Lavender Brown in the Harry Potter movie series. She is also known for her shows in London and at the Edinburgh Fringe. References births Living people English movie actors English stage actors English television actors English voice actors Cartoonists Feminists Actors from London Comedians from London
Paradise is an incorporated town in Butte County, California. It is located in the Sierra Nevada near the northeastern Sacramento Valley. The population was , as of . The town is statistically classified within the Chico Metropolitan Area. The town was destroyed by the Camp Fire in November . References Other websites Ontheridge.com. Paradise history + geography Paradise Ridge Chamber of Commerce website Towns in California Settlements in Butte County, California
Sekou Kimathi Sinclair Smith (May , – January , ) was an American sportswriter who covered the National Basketball Association (NBA). Early life Smith was a native of Grand Rapids, Michigan. He graduated from Jackson State University in with a bachelor’s degree in communications. Career Smith covered college football, basketball, and baseball for The Clarion Ledger from until , during his university studies and after. Smith was an NBA beat writer for four years each at The Indianapolis Star and The Atlanta Journal Constitution. He started working at Turner Broadcasting as a senior analyst for NBA Digital in November . He also worked as the creator and author of Sekou Smith’s Hang Time Blog on NBA.com, a host of The Hang Time Podcast, and a Senior Analyst on NBA TV’s The Beat. Smith was one of the small number of journalists inside the NBA's bubble at the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida covering the playoffs and the NBA Finals. Smith mentored many colleagues as a member of the National Association of Black Journalists. Family Smith was married to his wife, Heather, with whom he had three children. Death Smith died of COVID at the age of on January , . References births deaths Deaths from the COVID pandemic in the United States Place of death missing Writers from Grand Rapids, Michigan
Nothing But Thieves are an English rock band. It was formed in in Southend on Sea, Essex, England. s establishments in the United Kingdom English rock bands
Home Alone . Lost in New York is an American family Christmas comedy movie. It is directed by Chris Columbus and produced by John Hughes. It was released on November , . It is a sequel to the film Home Alone and is the second film in the Home Alone series. Background It once again stars Macaulay Culkin and features Daniel Stern, Joe Pesci, Catherine O'Hara, and John Heard. New cast includes Tim Curry, Rob Schneider, Brenda Fricker, and Eddie Bracken. The movie score was composed by John Williams. It was mostly filmed in Chicago, New York City, and Miami. Donald Trump made a cameo appearance in the movie. Plot The story is set about two years after the movie. At Christmas, the McCallister family go on vacation to Florida. At the airport, Kevin (Macaulay Culkin) accidentally gets separated from his family. He gets on a plane to New York City and stays at a Plaza Hotel. In New York, Kevin faces the same two burglars who had robbed his house in the first film when his family were in France. the "Wet Bandits", Marv (Daniel Stern) and Harry (Joe Pesci). They are now called the "Sticky Bandits". Kevin tries to stop them from robbing an elderly man's toy store on Christmas Eve. He traps them in his uncle's house, which is being renovated. Harry and Marv later attempt to shoot Kevin at Central Park, but a homeless pigeon lady (Brenda Fricker) throws bird seed at them causing pigeons to attack them. The burglars are caught by the police and go back to jail once again. Meanwhile, the Miami security informs the McCallisters that Kevin is in New York after being able the track the credit card that Kevin used and they take a trip there and also stay at the hotel. References Other websites Movie Locations Guide.com Maps and directions to Home Alone Filming Locations s family movies comedy movies th Century Fox movies American family movies American comedy movies Christmas movies Movies set in New York City Movies set in Chicago, Illinois Movies set in Florida Movies shot in Chicago, Illinois Movies composed by John Williams Movies directed by Chris Columbus English language movies
Madame X is a American drama movie directed by Sam Wood and Gustav Machatý. It is the fourth version of the play of the same name by Alexandre Bisson and starring Gladys George, Warren William, John Beal, Reginald Owen, Lynne Carver, Phillip Reed, Henry Daniell, Ruth Hussey, George Zucco. It was distributed by Metro Goldwyn Mayer. Other websites movies s drama movies American drama movies Movies based on plays Movies directed by Sam Wood Movies directed by Gustav Machatý
Francesco La Rosa (. December – April ) was an Italian footballer. He played as a forward. He competed in the men's tournament at the Summer Olympics. He played for the national team in . Rosa was born in Messina, Italy. died on April in Milan of COVID at the age of . References Other websites births deaths Deaths from the COVID pandemic in Italy Italian footballers
Henry County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of , , people lived there. The county seat and largest and only city is New Castle. References establishments in Indiana Indiana counties
Electronic filters are electrical circuits which perform signal processing functions, specifically to remove unwanted frequency components from the signal, to enhance wanted ones, or both. Electronic filters can be. passive or active analog or digital high pass, low pass, bandpass, band reject (band reject. notch), or all pass. discrete time (sampled) or continuous time linear or non linear infinite impulse response (IIR type) or finite impulse response (FIR type) The most common types of electronic filters are linear filters, regardless of other aspects of their design. Digital filters use a Fourier transform. Electronic circuits
San Francisco is a American musical drama movie directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Clark Gable, Jeanette MacDonald, Spencer Tracy, Jack Holt, Jessie Ralph, Ted Healy, Edgar Kennedy, Roger Imhof. It was distributed by Metro Goldwyn Mayer and was nominated for Oscars and won an Academy Award in . Other websites movies s musical movies s drama movies American musical movies American drama movies Movies directed by W. S. Van Dyke
Christopher Daniel Lilley (born November ) is an Australian comedian, television producer, actor, musician and writer. He is known for his creation and portrayal of several characters in the mockumentary television series We Can Be Heroes. Finding The Australian of the Year (), Summer Heights High (), Angry Boys (), Ja'mie. Private School Girl (), Jonah from Tonga () and Lunatics (). He has also won the Logie Award for Most Popular Actor twice. Life and career Lilley was born in Sydney, New South Wales, and grew up in Turramurra. He lives in Melbourne, Victoria. Lilley made his debut in the Big Bite in . He played a role of sports enthusiast Extreme Darren and the high school drama teacher Mr G. He is a vegetarian. References Other websites births Living people Actors from Sydney Australian comedians Australian screenwriters Australian television actors Musicians from Sydney Stand up comedians Vegetarians Writers from Sydney
Congestion may refer to. Network congestion, an occurrence in data networking Traffic congestion, an occurrence on roadways Nasal congestion, the blockage of nasal passages due to swollen membranes
Doreen Mantle (born ) is a South African born English actress who is probably best known for her role as Jean Warboys in One Foot in the Grave (–). She has appeared in many British television series from the s to the present, such as The Duchess of Duke Street, The Wild House, Sam Saturday, Chalk, Casualty, The Bill, Doctors, Holby City and Jonathan Creek. She played lollipop lady Queenie in Jam & Jerusalem (–). She appeared in episode of Father Brown in January . Mantle has worked extensively on the stage in such productions as My Fair Lady, Keep It in the Family, The Seagull and Hamlet. She also toured Britain in Billy Liar in the role of Florence Boothroyd and performed at the National Theatre in The Voysey Inheritance. In she was awarded the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her performance in Death of a Salesman. She has also done a great deal of radio work for BBC Radio and BBC World Service. Mantle played the long suffering wife of the rabbi in BBC Radio 's comedy series The Attractive Young Rabbi. In Mantle played "Mrs Shaemen" in Yentl. In , Mantle appeared in Coronation Street as the mother of Colin Fishwick whose identity was taken by John Stape. Filmography Black Jack () References Other websites births Living people South African actors English movie actors English radio actors English television actors People from Cape Town
Ch. K Run's Park Me In First, also known as Uno (May , – September , ) was a beagle. He was born in Belleville, Illinois. Uno won Best in Show in the Westminster Kennel Club dog show. He was the first beagle to claim the top prize at Westminster and the first beagle to win the hound group since . Uno and his owner were invited to the White House to meet President George W. Bush. While there, he was given a collar by First Lady Laura Bush. Uno was the first Westminster champion to be invited to celebrate victory with the President. Uno died of cancer on September , in Austin, Texas at the age of . References births deaths Cancer deaths in Texas Individual dogs
The Spy Who Came in from the Cold is a Cold War spy novel by the British author John le Carré. Alec Leamas is a British agent. He is sent to East Germany as a part of trick to spread lies and confusion about a powerful East German spy. In Martin Ritt directed the movie of the novel, The Spy Who Came in from the Cold, with Richard Burton as Leamas. Characters Alec Leamas. A British field agent in charge of spying in East Germany. Hans Dieter Mundt. Leader of the East German Secret Service, the Abteilung. Fiedler. East German spy, and Mundt's deputy. Liz Gold. English librarian and member of the Communist Party. Control. Head of The Circus George Smiley. British spy Peter Guillam. British spy. Karl Riemeck. East German bureaucrat and British spy Awards and nominations Gold Dagger award from the Crime Writers' Association for "Best Crime Novel" Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America for "Best Mystery Novel" Edgar Award, "Best Motion Picture Screenplay", Screenwriters Paul Dehn and Guy Trosper changed the story of the book into the screenplay. "Dagger of Daggers" a one time award given to the Golden Dagger winner on the fiftieth anniversary of the Dagger Awards, for the best of the fifty winners Other websites Le Carré describes how he came to write the book (in an article published in The Guardian newspaper (April ) on the novel's th anniversary). "After a decade in the intelligence service, John le Carré's political disgust and personal confusion 'exploded' in The Spy Who Came in from the Cold." Retrieved Saturday, October British novels
Puerto Morelos is a town in Quintana Roo, Mexico's easternmost state, on the Yucatán Peninsula. There are two parts to Puerto Morelos. The original coastal fishing village is now a laid back, mixed use neighborhood of private homes, hotels, condominiums, restaurants, and tourist shops. The second part is about km inland and adjacent to Highway , on the western side. The inland portion is mainly single level dwellings for the local workers. Cities in Mexico Quintana Roo
Stewart is a small Canadian town in British Columbia, Canada. The population of Stewart at the census was . The town originally had a population of around , people before to World War I, it then declined to about people in . As of , its population had declined to less than people. The town was named Stewart by Robert M. Stewart in . Nearby is the town of Hyder in the United States state of Alaska. Other websites Information on the Town of Stewart Cities in British Columbia
Blackstone is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. Towns in Virginia
A magnetosphere is a region around an astronomical object, such as a planet. It is the region where charged particles are affected by the object's magnetic field. The magnetosphere of the Sun is called the heliosphere. Ions and electrons of the solar wind are deflected by the heliosphere. Since a magnetosphere is magnetic, it is invisible. However, the Earth's magnetosphere makes the Aurora Borealis. This is what causes the "Northern Lights" that shimmer in the night sky near the North Pole. The border between magnetospheres is called a magnetopause. References Astrophysics Solar System
Peoria Heights is a village in central Illinois. It is a suburb of Peoria. Since the s, the number of people in the village has declined. As of , the number of people in Peoria Heights is ,. Villages in Illinois
Inside Daisy Clover is a American drama movie based on Gavin Lambert's novel of the same name, directed by Robert Mulligan and starring Natalie Wood. It follows a tomboy becoming a Hollywood actress and singer. Cast Natalie Wood as Daisy Clover Christopher Plummer as Raymond Swan (AKA "The Prince of Darkness") Robert Redford as Wade Lewis Ruth Gordon as Lucile Clover Roddy McDowall as Walter Baines Katharine Bard as Melora Swan Peter Helm as Milton Hopwood Betty Harford as Gloria Clover Goslett John Hale as Harry Goslett Harold Gould as Cop on Pier Ottola Nesmith as Dolores Edna Holland as Cynara References drama movies American drama movies Movies based on books Movies directed by Robert Mulligan
Selena. The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album for the movie of the same name. The soundtrack and movie were both inspired by Selena's life. The album sold more than ,, copies in the United States. Track listing Certifications Charts References albums Selena albums
Nyborg is a locality in Kalix Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. In , people lived there . References Settlements in Norrbotten County
David William George Chidgey, Baron Chidgey ( July – February ) was a British Liberal Democrat politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Eastleigh from to . He became a member of the House of Lords in . Chidgey died on February , at the age of . References births deaths UK MPs – UK MPs – UK MPs – Former Liberal Democrats MPs (UK) People from Hampshire
The Fedora Live USB creator is an official tool designed to create Live USBs of Fedora. Features Cross platform (available for Windows and Linux) Non destructive install (does not format the device) Supports various Fedora releases, including Fedora Automatically detects all removable devices Persistent storage creation, to save all documents created and modifications made to the system (only works with Fedora ) SHA checksum verification of known releases, to ensure that there is no corruption when downloading Related pages List of tools to create Live USB systems Linux software
SpaceCamp is a American family adventure movie directed by Harry Winer and starring Kate Capshaw, Kelly Preston, Larry B. Scott, Lea Thompson, Tate Donovan, Joaquin Phoenix, Tom Skerritt. It was distributed by th Century Fox. Other websites movies s family movies s adventure movies American family movies American adventure movies
Comet Shoemaker Levy was a comet. It broke apart and crashed into Jupiter, in July . The event was special because people could see, for the first time, how objects in the Solar System, outside Earth, collided. It caused a large amount of coverage in the media. The comet was carefully watched by astronomers worldwide. The crash gave new information about Jupiter. It also showed up its role in reducing space debris in the inner Solar System. The name came out of the discovers' last names. Discovery of this comet The comet was discovered by astronomers Carolyn and Eugene M. Shoemaker and David Levy on March , . It was found in a picture taken by the Schmidt telescope at the Palomar Observatory, in California. When it was discovered, it was orbiting Jupiter. It was the first comet seen to be orbiting a planet. Scientists think that it had been orbiting the planet for years before its discovery. Crash Calculations showed that its unusual broken up form was due to a previous closer approach to Jupiter in July . At that time, the orbit of Shoemaker Levy passed within Jupiter's Roche limit. Jupiter's tidal forces had acted to pull the comet apart. The comet was later observed as a series of pieces up to in diameter. These fragments collided with Jupiter's southern hemisphere between July  and July , . The pieces were moving at a speed of approximately km/s. The impact scars were more easily seen than the Great Red Spot and they stayed for many months. References Comets Impact events
is a former Japanese football player. Club statistics rowspan="" Urawa Red Diamonds rowspan="" J. League colspan="" } References births Living people Footballers from Saitama Prefecture
Diario Frontera is a Venezuelan regional newspaper, headquartered in Ejido, in the state of Mérida. Founded in , its slogan is "El diario del occidente del país" (The Daily of the occident of the country). Features The newspaper is distributed as standard colored format. It contains regional, national, and international news. It has two supplements, issued every Sunday. Aquí entre Nos magazine, and a supplement for children, Chipilín. It has special editions for occasions like Feria del Sol and Día del Trabajador. History Diario Frontera was founded by José Benedicto Monsalve, along with the writer Rafael Ángel Gallegos, who was the first director, on August . At the beginning, it was printed in black and white using a rotary owned by Diario Critica. In the eighties, Diario Frontera became a generalist newspaper, printed in black and white, and with pages. Since , it has printed a page or a section dedicated to the University of the Andes, due to the great number of students and the importance of the University in the life of the city. In June , it printed an inquiry about a student of the university killed by the police. Diario wrote that the student had been hit by the policemen, but also revealed his belonging to an armed political group. The headquarter of the newspaper was attacked by groups of students. it was the beginning of riots that then spread all over the city. The pleas of Reporters Without Borders remained unheard. In , on the occasion of the thirtieth anniversary, Diario has revamped graphics (logo, typeface). Directors Rafael Ángel Gallegos Alcides Monsalve References Related pages List of Venezuelan newspapers Mérida, Venezuela Other websites Diario Frontera website establishments Newspapers in South America Mérida (state)
Grandview Heights is a city in Franklin County, Ohio, United States. The population was , at the census. References Cities in Ohio
Cape Verde has been in every Summer Olympic Games held since . No athletes from Cape Verde have been at any Winter Olympic Games. They have never won a medal. The National Olympic Committee for Cape Verde is Comité Olímpico Caboverdeano. It was started in and recognized in . Related pages List of IOC country codes References Other websites Cape Verde profile at London.com Cape Verde Nations at the Olympics
A spectrograph is an instrument that breaks up a wave into a frequency spectrum. These could be sound, light or radio waves. For example the frequency spectrum of light is the brightness (intensity) and the amount of each colour. There are several kinds of machines called spectrographs, used to look at different waves. The term was first used in . A spectrograph is closely related to a polychromator. Spectrographs and astronomy In astronomy, the first spectrographs used photographic paper as the detector. The star spectral classification and discovery of the main sequence, Hubble's law and the Hubble sequence were all made using photographic paper. The plant pigment phytochrome was discovered using a spectrograph that used living plants as the detector. New spectrographs use electronic detectors, such as CCDs which can be used for both visible and UV light. The type of detector depends on the wavelengths of light to be recorded. Echelle spectrograph An echelle spectrograph is a special machine which is able to break up light waves, with a high resolution and little interference. It does this by using very narrow slits which breaks light into beams, and then breaking up those beams again. References James, John (), Spectrograph Design Fundamentals (Cambridge University Press) Other websites Spectrograph for astronomical Spectra Astronomy Physics
The Georgia State Senate is the upper house of the Georgia General Assembly (the state legislature of Georgia, USA). According to the state constitution of , this body is to be made of no more than members elected for two year terms. Current state law provides for members. Elections are held the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November in even numbered years. Senators must be at least years old, a citizen of the United States, and a resident of Georgia for two years and their senatorial district for one year (preceding the election). The highest position in the Senate is the President of the Senate. Current makeup Other websites Georgia (U.S. state) State upper houses in the United States
Uranium mining takes uranium ore from the ground for processing. Kazakhstan, Canada, and Australia are the top three producers and together account for % of world uranium production. Uranium from mining is mostly used as fuel for nuclear power plants. Health and environmental studies show that radiation exposure poses a risk for uranium miners. In , Congress passed legislation to help those affected by mining. As of July , the price of uranium concentrate remained near a five year low, the uranium price having fallen more than % from the peak price in January , and reflecting loss of demand following the Fukushima nuclear disaster. Some plans for new mines and mine expansion have been deferred. Background The worldwide production of uranium in amounted to , tonnes. Kazakhstan, Canada, and Australia are the top three producers and together account for % of world uranium production. Other important uranium producing countries are Niger, Namibia, Russia, Uzbekistan, the United States, China, and Malawi. Uranium from mining is mostly used as fuel for nuclear power plants. Uranium ores are normally processed by grinding the ore materials to a uniform particle size and then treating the ore to extract the uranium by chemical leaching. The milling process commonly yields dry powder consisting of natural uranium, "yellowcake," which is sold on the uranium market as UO. Environment In , the US Public Health service began a comprehensive study of uranium miners, leading to the first publication of a statistical correlation between cancer and uranium mining, released in . The federal government eventually regulated the standard amount of radon in mines, setting the level at . WL on January , . Out of present and former uranium milling sites in states, have been abandoned, and are the responsibility of the US Department of Energy. Accidental releases from uranium mills include the Church Rock uranium mill spill in New Mexico, called the largest accident of nuclear related waste in US history, and the Sequoyah Corporation Fuels Release in Oklahoma. In , Congress passed the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (RECA), granting reparations for those affected by mining, with amendments passed in to address criticisms with the original act. Economics As of July , the price of uranium concentrate remained near a five year low, the uranium price having fallen more than % from the peak price in January , and reflecting loss of Japanese demand following the Fukushima nuclear disaster. Because of continued low prices, in February mining company Cameco put back plans to expand production from existing Canadian mines, although it continued work to open a new mine at Cigar Lake. Also in February , Paladin energy suspended operations at its mine in Malawi, saying that the high cost operation was losing money at current prices. References Mining Nuclear energy
Cadmium telluride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CdTe. It contains cadmium and telluride ions. Properties Cadmium telluride is a black solid. It reacts with acids to make toxic cadmium compounds and toxic hydrogen telluride gas. It does not dissolve in water. Uses Cadmium telluride is used to make electricity in solar cells. It is one of the best things. It can be mixed with mercury to make mercury cadmium telluride, good in infrared detectors. Related pages Sodium telluride Sodium tellurite Tellurium compounds
Lohja () is a city in Uusimaa, Finland. As of January almost , people live there. Nearby municipalities are Inkoo, Karkkila, Raasepori, Siuntio, Vihti, Salo, Somero and Tammela. In , Sammatti became a part of Lohja. In , the former municipalities of Karjalohja and Nummi Pusula were merged with Lohja. A large cave is located in Lohja. The people in Lohja speak two languages. Finnish and Swedish. Other websites Community website Cities in Finland Municipalities of Uusimaa
Anthony Robert McMillan OBE (born March ), known professionally as Robbie Coltrane, is a Scottish actor, author and comedian. He is known both for his role as Dr. Eddie "Fitz" Fitzgerald in the British television series Cracker during the s and as Rubeus Hagrid in the Harry Potter movies. Life and career Life Coltrane was born on March in Rutherglen, South Lanarkshire. He now lives in Killearn Stirlingshire. He has a son named Spencer and a daughter named Alice. Career Coltrane began his acting career in his early twenties. He took the stage name Coltrane in tribute to jazz saxophonist John Coltrane In , Robbie received an OBE for his services to drama. Filmography and awards References births Living people Actors who played in James Bond movies British television writers Scottish comedians Scottish movie actors Scottish television actors Scottish television presenters Scottish voice actors Scottish writers
Spirit Airlines is an American ultra low cost airline. Their biggest hub is in Fort Lauderdale, Florida It flies to cities throughout the Americas. History Spirit Airlines began in at Michigan. It was first known as Charter One. In , its name was changed to Spirit Airlines and its headquarters were moved to Miramar, Florida. Spirit Airlines ordered Airbus A family airplanes in . In March , Spirit became a low cost carrier. It lowered its prices, removed free snacks & drinks, and started charging passengers for luggage. In , Spirit opened focus cities in Chicago, Dallas and Las Vegas. Gallery References Airlines of the United States Low cost airlines establishments in the United States Companies based in Florida
Robert Phelan Langlands (. born October , ) is an American Canadian mathematician. He is best known as the founder of the Langlands program that results connecting representation theory and automorphic forms to the study of Galois groups in number theory, for which he received the Abel Prize. He is an emeritus professor and occupies Albert Einstein's office at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton. References Wolf Prize winners Abel Prize winners births Living people Naturalized citizens of the United States Canadian mathematicians People from British Columbia American number theorists
Waco is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States. Cities in Missouri Jasper County, Missouri
The district of La Neuveville in the Swiss canton of Bern has municipalities in an area of km². Neuveville
Frame dragging is a theory which says that space is elastic, and particles in it will exchange energy with it. In the scientific world, "elastic" means that when you apply a certain amount of force to an object (which will cause it to bend) and then remove the force, the object will return to its original shape and energy state. Also, space is referred to as spacetime, which is simply a way to bring together the concepts of space and time. This basically means that whenever space is affected, time is affected. Frame dragging would provide answers for very old questions about gravity, strong force, and wave particle duality (how things like electrons can act like waves and particles at the same time). Frame Dragging Effects In frame dragging, particles spin, and this spin has energy in it. (It is important to note that this is not quantum physics spin, but an actual angular momentum spin. the particles are actually spinning). Since spacetime is elastic in this theory, it can absorb the energy (spin) of the particle. This would slow down the spin of the particle. Gravity Mass has a strange effect that we experience in the normal world. it attracts other mass. Scientists have been spending centuries trying to explain this occurrence. Recently, they have discovered that mass has an effect that it can curve spacetime. This means that when mass is present, the shortest path through spacetime between two points is slightly bent towards wherever the mass is. Since the energy absorbed by spacetime has to go somewhere, many scientists predict that spacetime would be "bunched up," or folded. This can also be phrased as a curvature (bend) in spacetime. This would indicate that the particle generated gravity. The reason that this theory is called "frame dragging" is probably due to the effect of particles effectively "dragging" or "grabbing" spacetime as they spin. Not only would space be curved, but time would as well. However, the way to imagine this "gravity" is not so much as the force that we normally consider when we think of gravity, since normal gravity is created as well (due to its mass). Basically, frame dragging is an effect that occurs when one object is moving near another, which makes both objects change their motion because of the other's motion. Frame dragging does not occur if an object is neither spinning nor moving. In effect, one object "deflects" the motion of the other, and the other way around. Wave Particle Duality Scientists such as Einstein and Schrödinger spent much of their lives trying to find an answer for how something like an electron can act like a wave and also act like a particle. Frame dragging states that since spacetime is elastic, it can also give the spin energy back to the particle. Once the particle has all of its spin energy given back to it, it acts most like a wave. At that point, it will once again begin using its energy bunching up spacetime. Once the particle is no longer spinning, it acts most like a particle. Then, spacetime begins giving the particle its energy back, and the cycle continues forever. This is how a particle can actually act like a particle and a wave at nearly the same time. No energy is lost during the cycle due to the conservation of energy. Strong force Frame dragging also has an effect that if one particle is next to another, they can both save energy if one is absorbing energy as the other one is emitting it. (This can also increase the mass of both particles, using Einstein's famous equation that energy is equal to a certain amount of mass). This would encourage particles to group together, which would explain what strong force (a force that holds protons and neutrons in an atom nucleus together) is. Evidence for Frame Dragging There are effects that come out of the math of the frame dragging theory. Scientists are currently testing one which is that if one small spinning object is orbiting a larger spinning object, the smaller object will slowly adjust its spin axis (the imaginary line which an object rotates around) to align with the larger object's spin axis. This is known as the Lense Thirring effect. They are testing this theory by having a gyroscope (an object that will normally keep its spin axis the same) orbit the Earth, and testing whether its spin axis will align with the Earth's spin axis. So far, scientist say that they have evidence that proves the Lense Thirring effect (and possibly the frame dragging theory) to less than .% accuracy. References Nuclear physics Quantum mechanics
Royal Bafokeng Stadium is a sports stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa. FIFA World Cup The stadium co hosted the FIFA World Cup. It is one of the stadiums where World Cup matches were played. World Cup Matches All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+). Other websites Official Soccer City Site Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) FIFA World Cup stadiums Football stadiums in South Africa
Roggwil is the name of two municipalities in Switzerland. Roggwil, Bern Roggwil, Thurgau
Bhagwatikumar Sharma ( May – September ) was an Indian author and journalist. He wrote in Gujarati. He edited a daily for several years. He wrote novels, short stories, poetry, essays and criticism. He won the Ranjitram Suvarna Chandrak in and Sahitya Akademi Award in . He wrote his first poem, on event of Mahatma Gandhi's death, on January . He joined the editing department of Gujarat Mitra in . He was the trustee of Kavi Narmad Yugavart Trust and vice president of Narmad Sahityasabha, Surat. He also was president of the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad from to . Sharma died on September in Surat, aged . References births deaths Indian poets Indian journalists
Chios (Greek. Χίος) is a Greek city and it is a capital of Chios island and Chios prefecture. It is one of the largest city from the cities of Greek islands. Its population is . residents. The town of Chios is located opposite the coasts of Turkey very close to region of ancient Erythrea. Chios connects with the port of Piraeus as well as other ports. The city is served by the Chios Island National Airport. cities in Greece
A mockbuster (also called a knockbuster or a drafting opportunity) is a movie made to take advantage of the publicity of a similar major movie. These types of movies are often made on a low budget. They are made to be released direct to video at the same time that the original movie is released in theaters or on video. Mockbusters are often made to make customers mistakenly buy the movie instead of the one that they wanted. For example, someone may think that they are buying Transformers, but they are actually buying Transmorphers, a mockbuster that was released in . Because of this, a mockbuster will often use a title similar to the original movie. Many mockbusters are made in a different country than the one that the original movie was made in. There are many Turkish, Italian, German, French and Brazilian versions of American movies, as well as sequels that were not made by the people who made the original movie. There are also television shows that are mockbusters, such as Nutri Ventures, a rip off parody of the original Powerpuff Girls, Coconut Fred, a rip off of SpongeBob SquarePants, and other television show rip offs. Animated movie mockbusters are Spider's Web. A Pig's Tale, a rip off of Charlotte's Web. Ratatoing, a rip off of Ratatouille). The Little Panda Fighter and Chop Kick Panda, rip offs of Kung Fu Panda, and many more movie mockbusters. References Other websites The Mockbuster at TV Tropes
Paradiso The Film is a Indian movie. It was directed by Sudeep Ranjan Sarkar. It was produced by Rita Jhawar Music was by Sanjib Sarkar. Plot Paradiso The Film is set in the s, in a city somewhere resembling Kolkata, in India. A man lives in two worlds, one 'Real', one 'Imagined' till the point where both collide and become one. Music & Audio The movie's music, was done by Sanjib Sarkar, Lyrics were by Dushyant & Sudeep Ranjan Sarkar. Vocals were by Kavita Krishnamurthy, Sadhana Sargam, Sukanya & Tirtha, Song Recorded & Mix From Octave Studio Kolkata, Under the banner of Nez Moving Pixels Official selection Nominated in . Miami independent Film Festival , Miami References Other websites s Indian movies movies Hindi language movies
This list shows every leader of Georgia from to present including various Soviet Affairs and Rules, Acting . Acting Head of State There were acting heads of state President of parliamentary Assemblies Prime minister of Georgia. No President from Leader of Georgia Soviet Citizens in Georgia President from including the crisis Salome Zurabishivili/ Zourabichvili is the current president of Georgia Prime ministers of Georgia ( ) Soviet Republic of Georgia (until ) Mamia Orakhelashvili ( ) President of Georgia ( Present) Notes Mikheil Saakashvili tried to serve two terms but was interrupted by Nino Burjanadze Zviad Gamsakhurdia held two offices at the same time in but was deposed in Akaki Mgeladze was in office from not Eduard Shevardnadze served a long time in both of his terms Salome Zourabichvili is redirected in the simple english wikipedia from Salome ‘’Zurabishvili'' Lists of heads of state
Harry "Apple Cheeks" Lumley (November , – September , ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender in the National Hockey League. Born in Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada, Lumley starred for several years with the Owen Sound Mercurys and later with the Owen Sound Orphans and then the Barrie Colts. He also played with the Indianapolis Capitals of the American Hockey League, a minor league team of the Detroit Red Wings. Lumley made his professional start in the National Hockey League, however, with the New York Rangers in the – season, when he was loaned to the Rangers for a single game. He was the youngest goaltender to play in the NHL, as he was years old. Awards and achievements Stanley Cup Championship () NHL First All Star Team Goalie ( & ) Vezina Trophy Winner () Inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in Other websites Picture of Harry Lumley's Name on the Stanley Cup Plaque Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre births deaths Boston Bruins players Canadian ice hockey goaltenders Chicago Blackhawks players Detroit Red Wings players Hockey Hall of Fame inductees Ice hockey people from Ontario New York Rangers players Toronto Maple Leafs players Vezina Trophy winners
Orient is a term meaning "the east". It is from the Latin word oriens. Ancient Rome sometimes used it to mean the area east of Rome. Later the dividing line moved farther east, to the Adriatic or the Aegean or the Indus River. This term is in contrast to the "Occident", which is a term meaning "the west". Asia
John Edward "Jack" Stoddard (September , – January , ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Rangers between and . He was born in Stoney Creek, Ontario. Stoddard died on January , in Owen Sound, Ontario. He was years old. He was outlived by his wife and children. References Other websites births deaths Canadian ice hockey right wingers Disease related deaths in Canada Ice hockey people from Ontario New York Rangers players Eastern Hockey League players
Fahrwangen is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. Municipalities of Aargau
Woodsville is a census designated place (CDP) and the largest village in the town of Haverhill in Grafton County, New Hampshire, U.S.. The population was , at the census. References Census designated places Villages in the United States Settlements in New Hampshire
McIntire is a city in Iowa in the United States. Cities in Iowa
Wardböhmen is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany. It is about north of Bergen on the B federal road. Literature Hermann v.d. Kammer. Geschichte der Ortschaft Wardböhmen mit den Ortsteilen Hoope und Sehlhof. Bergen References Other websites Information about Wardböhmen Villages in Lower Saxony Bergen, Lower Saxony Lüneburg Heath Celle (district)
Depew is a town of Oklahoma in the United States. Towns in Oklahoma
Homo is the taxonomic genus that includes modern humans (Homo sapiens sapiens). Homo may also refer to. ὅμο , Greek prefix meaning "the same", opposite of "hetero " (Greek ἕτερο ) Homo, Latin for "man", "human being" Homos, an alternate spelling for hummus or hommus, a Levantine Arab food dip or spread made from chickpeas Homo , in chemistry, a prefix in trivial names indicating a homolog, a series of compounds with the same general formula, HOMO, in chemistry an acronym for Highest Occupied Molecular Orbital Homo, a colloquial abbreviation for homogenized milk (Canadian English) HomO, short name of the Swedish Ombudsman against Discrimination on Grounds of Sexual Orientation Homo (slang) an unacceptable abbreviation for "homosexual" (adjective or noun)
Segisaurus was a small dinosaur from the Triassic. It was a relative of Coelophysis. Coelophysidae
A monster truck is a vehicle usually styled after a pickup truck. It is changed or purposely built with very big wheels and suspension. Monster trucks are used for competition and popular entertainment. Usually, a monster truck show involves the truck crushing smaller cars under its huge tires. Trucks
Benjamin Edward "Ben" Stiller (born November , ) is an American actor, comedian, voice actor, screenwriter, movie director, and producer. He is best known for his roles in There's Something About Mary, Zoolander (), Meet the Parents () (and its sequel Meet the Fockers). Stiller has also starred in Flirting with Disaster (), Duplex () and Dodgeball. A True Underdog Story () among others. One of the first movies he starred in was Steven Spielberg's Empire of the Sun () Tropic Thunder (). He directed Reality Bites () and The Cable Guy (). Early life Stiller was born in New York City in . His father, Jerry Stiller, was from a Jewish family that immigrated from Poland and Galicia, in Eastern Europe. His mother, Anne Meara, who was of Irish Catholic background, converted to Reform Judaism after marrying his father. She died in . The family celebrated both Hanukkah and Christmas, and Stiller had a Bar Mitzvah. He has said that he is "half Jewish and half Irish Catholic." Stiller's parents frequently took him on the sets of their appearances, including The Mike Douglas Show when he was six. He stated in an interview that he considered his childhood unusual. "In some ways, it was a show business upbringing—a lot of traveling, a lot of late nights—not what you'd call traditional." His older sister, Amy, has appeared in many of his productions, including Reality Bites, DodgeBall. A True Underdog Story, and Zoolander. Stiller displayed an early interest in filmmaking and made Super movies with his sister and friends. At age , Stiller made his acting debut as a guest on his mother's short lived television series, Kate McShane. In the late s, he performed with the New York City troupe NYC's First All Children's Theater, playing several roles, including the title role in Clever Jack and the Magic Beanstalk. After being inspired by the television show Second City Television while in high school, Stiller realized that he wanted to get involved with sketch comedy. During his high school years, he was also the drummer of the post punk band Capital Punishment, which released the studio album Roadkill in . The band's bassist, Peter Swann, went on to become (as of ) an Arizona Court of Appeals Judge. The band reunited in to release a new EP, titled This is Capital Punishment, for Record Store Day. Stiller attended The Cathedral School of St. John the Divine and graduated from the Calhoun School in New York in . He started performing on the cabaret circuit as opening act to the cabaret siren Jadin Wong. Stiller then enrolled as a film student at the University of California, Los Angeles. After nine months, Stiller left school to move back to New York City. He made his way through acting classes, auditioning and trying to find an agent. Career When he was approximately , Stiller obtained a small part with one line on the television soap opera Guiding Light, although in an interview he characterized his performance as poor.[] He was later cast in a role in the Broadway revival of John Guare's The House of Blue Leaves, alongside John Mahoney. the production would garner four Tony Awards. During its run, Stiller produced a satirical mockumentary whose principal was fellow actor Mahoney. Stiller's comedic work was well received by the cast and crew of the play, and he followed up with a minute short titled The Hustler of Money, a parody of the Martin Scorsese film The Color of Money. The film featured him in a send up of Tom Cruise's character and Mahoney in the Paul Newman role, only this time as a bowling hustler instead of a pool shark. The short got the attention of Saturday Night Live, which aired it in and two years later offered Stiller a spot as a writer. In the meantime, he had a bit role in Steven Spielberg's Empire of the Sun. In Stiller wrote and appeared on Saturday Night Live as a featured performer. However, since the show did not want him to make more short films, he left after four episodes. He then put together Elvis Stories, a short film about a fictitious tabloid focused on recent sightings of Elvis Presley. The film starred friends and co stars John Cusack, Jeremy Piven, Mike Myers, Andy Dick, and Jeff Kahn. The film was considered a success, and led him to develop the short film Going Back to Brooklyn for MTV. it was a music video starring comedian Colin Quinn that parodied LL Cool J's recent hit "Going Back to Cali". Producers at MTV were so impressed with Back to Brooklyn that they offered Stiller a episode show in the experimental "vid com" format. Titled The Ben Stiller Show, this series mixed comedy sketches with music videos and parodied various television shows, music stars, and films. It starred Stiller, along with main writer Jeff Khan and Harry O'Reilly, with his parents and sister making occasional appearances. Although the show was canceled after its first season, it led to another show titled The Ben Stiller Show, on the Fox Network in . The series aired episodes on Fox, with a th unaired episode broadcast by Comedy Central in a later revival.[] Among the principal writers on The Ben Stiller Show were Stiller and Judd Apatow, with the show featuring the ensemble cast of Stiller, Janeane Garofalo, Andy Dick, and Bob Odenkirk.[] Both Denise Richards and Jeanne Tripplehorn appeared as extras in various episodes. Throughout its short run, The Ben Stiller Show frequently appeared at the bottom of the ratings, even as it garnered critical acclaim and eventually won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Writing in a Variety or Music Program" posthumously. A crowd of people is all looking towards a man at the center who is signing a hat. The crowd is attempting to hand him posters to sign and others are taking pictures using cameras and cell phones. In the early s Stiller had minor roles in films such as Stella and Highway to Hell as well as a cameo in The Nutt House. In Stiller was approached to direct Reality Bites, based on a script by Helen Childress. Stiller devoted the next year and a half to rewriting the script with Childress, fundraising, and recruiting cast members for the film. It was eventually released in early , directed by Stiller and featuring him as a co star. The film was produced by Danny DeVito, who would later direct Stiller's film Duplex and produce his film Along Came Polly. Reality Bites debuted as the highest grossing film in its opening weekend and received mixed reviews. Stiller joined his parents in the family film Heavyweights (), in which he played two roles, and then had a brief uncredited role in Adam Sandler's Happy Gilmore (). Next, he had lead roles in If Lucy Fell and Flirting with Disaster, before tackling his next directorial effort with The Cable Guy, which starred Jim Carrey. Stiller once again was featured in his own film, as twins. The film received mixed reviews, but was noted for paying the highest salary for an actor up to that point, as Carrey received $ million for his work in the film. The film also connected Stiller with future Frat Pack members Jack Black and Owen Wilson. Also in , MTV invited Stiller to host the VH Fashion Awards. Along with SNL writer Drake Sather, Stiller developed a short film for the awards about a male model known as Derek Zoolander. It was so well received that he developed another short film about the character for the VH Fashion Awards and finally remade the skit into a film. In Stiller put aside his directing ambitions to star in a surprise hit with a long lasting cult following, the Farrelly Brothers' There's Something About Mary, alongside Cameron Diaz. That year, he starred in several dramas, including Zero Effect, Your Friends & Neighbors, and Permanent Midnight. He was invited to take part in hosting the Music Video awards, for which he developed a parody of the Backstreet Boys and performed a sketch with his father, commenting on his current career. In he starred in three films, including Mystery Men, where he played a superhero wannabe called Mr. Furious. He returned to directing with a new spoof television series for Fox titled Heat Vision and Jack, starring Jack Black. however, the show was not picked up by Fox after its pilot episode and the series was cancelled. In , Stiller starred in three more films, including one of his most recognizable roles, a male nurse named Gaylord "Greg" Focker in Meet the Parents, opposite Robert De Niro. The film was well received by critics, grossed over $ million worldwide, and spawned two sequels. Also in , MTV again invited Stiller to make another short film, and he developed Mission. Improbable, a spoof of Tom Cruise's role in Mission. Impossible II and other films. In , Stiller directed his third feature film, Zoolander, starring himself as Derek Zoolander. The film featured multiple cameos from a variety of celebrities, including Donald Trump, Paris Hilton, Lenny Kravitz, Heidi Klum, and David Bowie, among others. The film was banned in Malaysia (as the plot centered on an assassination attempt of a Malaysian prime minister),[] while shots of the World Trade Center were digitally removed and hidden for the film's release after the September terrorist attacks. After Stiller worked with Owen Wilson in Zoolander, they joined again for The Royal Tenenbaums. Over the next two years, Stiller continued with the lackluster box office film Duplex, and cameos in Orange County and Nobody Knows Anything. He has guest starred on several television shows, including an appearance in an episode of the television series The King of Queens in a flashback as the father of the character Arthur (played by Jerry Stiller). He also made a guest appearance on World Wrestling Entertainment's WWE Raw. In , Stiller appeared in six different films, all of which were comedies, and include some of his highest grossing films. Starsky & Hutch, Envy, DodgeBall. A True Underdog Story, Anchorman. The Legend of Ron Burgundy (in which he had an uncredited cameo), Along Came Polly and Meet the Fockers. While the critical flop Envy only grossed $. million,[] the most successful film of these was Meet the Fockers, which grossed over $. million worldwide. He also made extended guest appearances on Curb Your Enthusiasm and Arrested Development in the same year. In , Stiller appeared in Madagascar, which was his first experience as a voice actor in an animated film. Madagascar was a massive worldwide hit, and spawned the sequels Madagascar. Escape Africa in and Madagascar . Europe's Most Wanted in . In , Stiller had cameo roles in School for Scoundrels and Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny. he was executive producer of the latter. In December , he had the lead role in Night at the Museum. Although not a critical favorite, it earned over $ million in ten days. In , Stiller starred alongside Malin Åkerman in the romantic comedy The Heartbreak Kid. The film earned over $ million worldwide despite receiving mostly negative reviews. In , Stiller directed, co wrote, co produced, and starred in the film Tropic Thunder, with Robert Downey Jr. and Jack Black. Stiller had originally conceived of the film's premise while filming Empire of the Sun in . In , he starred with Amy Adams in Night at the Museum . Battle of the Smithsonian, sequel to Night at the Museum. In , Stiller made a brief cameo in Joaquin Phoenix's mockumentary I'm Still Here and played the lead role in the comedy drama Greenberg. He again portrayed Greg Focker in the critically panned but financially successful Little Fockers, the second sequel to Meet the Parents. He had planned to voice the main character in Megamind, but later dropped out while still remaining a producer and voicing a minor character in the film. In , Stiller starred with Eddie Murphy and Alan Alda in Tower Heist, about a group of maintenance workers planning a heist in a residential skyscraper. He produced, directed, and starred in The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, which was released in . In and , Stiller played Michael Cohen on Saturday Night Live for episodes. Health In October , Stiller revealed that he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer in June . Following surgery, he received a cancer free status in September . Filmography References Ben Stiller at the Jonathan Ross Show. Other websites births Living people Actors from New York City American movie actors American movie producers American screenwriters American television actors American television directors American television producers American television writers American voice actors Comedians from New York City Jewish American actors Jewish American comedians Jewish American writers Jewish screenwriters Movie directors from New York Writers from New York City
The Town of Brookhaven is the most populous of the ten towns of Suffolk County, New York, United States. It is part of the New York metropolitan area. It is about miles from Manhattan. It is the largest of New York State's towns by area (when water area is included), and the second most populous after the Town of Hempstead. In the census, the population was , people. References Towns in New York
William III of the Netherlands(Willem Alexander Paul Frederik Lodewijk, anglicised. William Alexander Paul Frederick Louis of Orange Nassau) ( February – November ) was from King of the Netherlands and Grand Duke of Luxembourg until his death. He was married to Princess Emma of Waldeck and Pyrmont.He was the father off Wilhelmina of the Netherlands and the grandfather of Juliana of the Netherlands. He is also the great grandfather of Beatrix of the Netherlands who is the mother of the current king of The Netherlands, Willem Alexander of the Netherlands. births deaths House of Orange Nassau Knights of the Garter Knights of the Golden Fleece Grand Dukes of Luxembourg
Moses Hamungole ( May – January ) was a Zambian Roman Catholic bishop. Hamungole was born in Lusaka, Zambia. He became a priest in . He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Monze, Zambia from until his death in . Hamungole died on January in Lusaka from COVID , aged . References births deaths Zambian people Roman Catholic bishops Deaths from the COVID pandemic in Zambia
is a city in Iwate, Japan. The census counted , people living in the city. ( showed ,). The city was founded on January , . Much of the city was heavily damaged by the Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. Geography The area of the city is . km² and the population density is people per km². Politics and government The mayor of the city is Futoshi Toba. Industry As of , oyster farming produced ¥ million in annual sales for the city. Transportation There is one railroad line with six stations in Rikuzentakata. JR East Ōfunato Line. Rikuzen Yahagi Station, Takekoma Station, Rikuzen Takata Station, Wakinosawa Station, Otomo Station Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami effects Rikuzentakata was reported to have been "wiped off the map" by the tsunami following the Tōhoku earthquake. According to the police, every building smaller than three stories high has been completely flooded. Buildings taller than three stories were partially flooded. At the city hall, water also reached as high as the third floor. On March, a BBC report showed a picture of the town. The report described the city as "almost completely flattened." Reporters could not tell how many people had survived. The city did have tsunami shelters. The shelters were designed to protect people from a wave to meters tall. However, the tsunami of March was meters high in the city. The wave covered the areas that were supposed to be safe. Local officials estimate that % to % of the cities people died. "Rikuzen Takata effectively no longer exists." The city had a . meter high seawall, but it was not enough. More than % of , houses were destroyed by the tsunami. As of April , , people from the town were confirmed dead with , still missing. Sixty eight city officials, about one third of the city's municipal employees, were killed. The town's mayor, Futoshi Toba, was at work at the city hall and survived. His wife was at their seaside home and she died. Takata matsubara is part of the coastline, two kilometers long. About seventy thousand pine trees used to grow there. It was selected as one of the Landscapes of Japan (Shōwa period) in and in it was named a Place of Scenic Beauty. After the tsunami only one tree was still there. A single, ten meter tall, two hundred year old tree is all that is left from the forest. The tree is only five meters from the sea and may be damaged by too much salt. The Association for the Protection of Takata Matsubara along with the city and prefectural governments are trying to protect the last pine tree. References Other websites Rikuzentakata official website Gala day procession with floats, August Five videos available in this series The tsumani sweeping over Rikuzentakata Al Jazeera report on Rikuzentakata after the waters receded Rikuzentata as the rescue begins Mark Willacy reports for ABC News Tsunami Damage, Rikuzentakata (March ) Before and after thermal satellite images from NASA The floodgate that didn't work to stop the tsunami BBC report on the failure of the Rikuzentakata floodgates Cities in Japan establishments in Japan Settlements in Iwate Prefecture
Pharaoh's Island is an island on the River Thames, in Surrey, England. Location The island is above Shepperton Lock. It can only be reached by boats. History The island was given to Admiral Nelson as a reward for winning Battle of the Nile, and he used it as a place to fish. Other websites The River Thames Guide — Shepperton Lock Islands of England Surrey
This is a list of rivers in Taiwan that are kilometers or longer. Lanyang River Yilan County  km Yilan River Yilan County  km Tungshan River Yilan County  km Chingshui River Yilan County  km Lotsao River Yilan County  km Shuang River Taipei County  km Danshui River Taipei County, Taoyuan County, Taipei City, Hsinchu County  km Keelung River Taipei County, Taipei City, Keelung City . km Xindian River Taipei County, Taipei City  km Jingmei River Taipei County, Taipei City . km Peishih River Taipei County, Yilan County  km Nanshih River Taipei County  km Tahan River(Takekan River) Taipei County, Taoyuan County, Hsinchu County  km Sanhsia River Taipei County . km Nankan River Taoyuan County  km Fengshan River Hsinchu County  km Touchien River Hsinchu County  km Houlung River Miaoli County  km Ta an River Miaoli County, Taichung County  km Tachia River Taichung County  km Tatu River (Wu River) Taichung County, Changhua County、Nantou County  km Maolo River Taichung County, Changhua County, Nantou County  km Nankang River Taichung County  km Choshui River Nantou County, Changhua County, Yunlin County  km Chingshui River Taichung County, Chiayi County, Tainan County  km Shuili River Taichung County  km Wanta River Taichung County  km Kashe River Taichung County  km Peikang River Yunlin County、Chiayi County  km Tahukou River Tainan County  km Santieh River Tainan County  km Putzu River Chiayi County  km Pachang River Chiayi County, Tainan County  km Touchien River Tainan County  km Chishui River Tainan County  km Kuichung River Tainan County  km Paishui River Tainan County  km Tsengwen River Chiayi County, Tainan County, Tainan City  km Lanshui River Tainan County, Tainan City  km Erhjen River Tainan County, Tainan City, Kaohsiung County  km Akungtien River Kaohsiung County  km Fengshan River Kaohsiung County  km Tienpao River Kaohsiung County, Kaohsiung City  km Kaoping River Kaohsiung County, Pingtung County  km Chishan River Kaohsiung County, Pingtung County  km Ailiao River Kaohsiung County, Pingtung County  km Wulo River Pingtung County  km Fantzuliao River Pingtung County  km Chokou River Kaohsiung County  km Laonung River Kaohsiung County  km Kumai River Kaohsiung County  km Tungkang River Pingtung County  km Linpian River Pingtung County  km Peinan River Taitung County  km Shiukuluan River Hualien County  km Fuyuan River Hualien County  km Fengping River Hualien County  km Lekuleku River Hualien County  km Hualien River Hualien County  km Mukua River Hualien County  km Shoufeng River Hualien County  km Wanli River Hualien County  km Other websites Rivers of Taiwan(台灣河川) (traditional Chinese) Water Resources Agency, Ministry of Economic Affairs Let's look at rivers (經濟部水利署 讓我們看河去) (traditional Chinese) Rivers of Taiwan The Hydrology of Taiwan Taiwan Taiwan
Hair clippers are tools used to cut hair close to the head. Similar tools are used to cut wool from sheep. Hair clippers have a pair of sharpened comb like blades in close contact one above the other and the side which slide sideways relative to each other. The clipper is moved so that hair is positioned between the teeth of the comb, and cut with a scissor action when one blade slides sideways relative to the other. History Manual clippers were invented between and by Nikola Bizumic, a Serbian barber, and the hairstyles became popular amongst boys and men in school, prison and the military. Leo J. Wahl invented the first electric hair clipper. He first designed a hand held massager for his uncle, Dr. Frank Wahl. Frank Wahl opened a manufacturing plant in Sterling, Illinois to produce and sell Leo’s massager. During this time, Leo would sell massagers to various barbers and noticed an opportunity to improve upon the tools barbers were using at the time. References Tools Hair
Susanna Griso Raventós (born October in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish journalist and TV hostess. Biography Early life She got a degree in journalism at Autonomous University of Barcelona and began to work in both radio stations, Ràdio Sant Cugat and Catalunya Ràdio. In hosted TV's magazines programmes. Tres senyores i un senyor and Fora de joc, and after . Telenotícies. Between and she hosted the Catalonian News of TVE. In that channel covered the information about the Princess Lady Diana of Wales's funeral and the Princess Cristina de Borbón and Iñaki Urdangarin's wedding. Antena In she was hired by Antena to work at Noticias with the host Matías Prats until . Since then, she hosts the morning program. Espejo público. Awards References Other websites Página web oficial births Living people Spanish journalists Writers from Barcelona
Barricade is a American adventure movie directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Alice Faye, Warner Baxter, Charles Winninger, Arthur Treacher, Keye Luke, Doris Lloyd. It was distributed by th Century Fox. References Other websites movies s adventure movies s American adventure movies th Century Fox movies Movies directed by Gregory Ratoff Movies set in China
was a after Kakitsu and before Hotoku. This period started in February and ended in July . During this time, the emperor was . Events of the Bun'an era (Bun'an , th month). Kitano Tenman gū and much of western Kyoto was destroyed by fire. Related pages Muromachi period References Other websites National Diet Library, "The Japanese Calendar" – historical overview plus illustrative images from library's collection Japanese eras
Foyil is a town of Oklahoma in the United States. References Towns in Oklahoma
Charles VI of France ( December – October ) was King of France from until his death. He was not a successful king. Often he was not able to rule the country because of mental illness and his wife Queen Isabeau of Bavaria ruled with the help of his brother Louis I de Valois, Duke of Orléans. This made his cousin John the Fearless of Burgundy very angry, so John the Fearless had Louis I assassinated. A few years after that, Henry V of England invaded and won the Battle of Agincourt. Charles had a mental illness from around until he died. His mental illness involved him killing some of his own servants and at one point he thought he was made of glass. births deaths House of Valois Kings and Queens of France
Frederick Lee "Ted" Petoskey (born January , in St. Charles, Michigan, died November , in Elgin, South Carolina) was a sportsman at the University of Michigan. He played three sports American football, basketball, and baseball. births deaths Major League Baseball players
Sean Arnold ( January – April ) was an English actor. He is best known for his roles as Mr Llewelyn in the children's TV series Grange Hill and as Barney Crozier in the BBC series Bergerac. He also appeared in TV's James the Cat and Merseybeat. His movie credits include North Sea Hijack (), Remembrance (), Haunters of the Deep (), Speaking of the Devil () and Red Rose (). Arnold was born in Wickwar, Gloucestershire. He died on April at the age of . References Other websites births deaths Actors from Gloucestershire English movie actors English television actors
Thoroughly Modern Millie is an American musical comedy movie. Julie Andrews stars as Millie Dillmount. Mary Tyler Moore plays the role of Miss Dorothy Brown. Carol Channing plays Muzzy Van Hossmere. The story is set in in New York City. It is about a young woman who tries to find a rich man to marry and discovers a human trafficking ring. This movie was released in March . The reviews of the movie were very positive. The box office was also positive. This movie got nominations for many Academy Awards. movies romance movies s musical movies s romantic comedy movies American musical comedy movies American romantic comedy movies English language movies Movies set in New York City Movies set in the s Universal Pictures movies
Agustín Roberto Radrizzani, SDB (September , – September , ) was an Argentine prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Mercedes Luján from until . Radrizzani became a priest on March , . On May , , he became the Bishop of Neuquén by Pope John Paul II. He was later named Bishop of Lomas de Zamora on April , . He was promoted by Pope Benedict XVI to Archbishop of Mercedes Luján on December , . He died on September , from COVID , aged . References Other websites Catholic Hierarchy births deaths Argentine people Roman Catholic bishops Deaths from the COVID pandemic in Argentina
Slash can mean. Slash (musician) (born Saul Hudson in ), Velvet Revolver & ex Guns N' Roses guitarist. Slash (punctuation), the "/" punctuation character also called virgule (=a solidus is a typographic variant). Slash chord, in popular music. Slash (fanzine), a punk rock fanzine founded in . Slash fiction, a genre of fan fiction dealing with homosexual relationships or sexual encounters. Slash (logging), woody debris generated by timber harvesting Slash (wrestler), professional wrestler. Slash notation, a form of music notation. Slash Pine, a tree native to the southeast United States. Slash Records, a punk record label. Slash (TMNT), a character from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles fictional universe. Slash (weblog system), the weblogging software which powers the Slashdot website. Slash and burn, an agricultural procedure. Slash'EM, a variant of the computer game NetHack Feynman slash notation, of quantum field theory. Slash rating, a US National Electrical Code circuit interrupt hardware qualifier.
Jean Edouard Alfred Joseph Marois (November , – January , ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Chicago Black Hawks. He played most of his career career with the Quebec Aces of the Quebec Senior Hockey League. Other websites births deaths Canadian ice hockey goaltenders Chicago Blackhawks players Ice hockey people from Quebec Toronto Maple Leafs players Sportspeople from Quebec City
The jejunum is a section of the small intestine between the duodenum and the ileum. It is between and meters long.The term "jejunum" derives from the Latin "jejunus," which means "empty of food," "meager," or "hungry." The ancient Greeks noticed at death that this part of the intestine was always empty of food. Hence, the name the jejunum. The Latin "jejunus" also gave rise to "jejune" means lacking in nutritive value and devoid of substance, significance or interest, that is dull. A jejune argument is one that is empty (like the jejunum) and totally devoid of interest. Famous quote...."Have You Ever Been Punched in The Jejunum." Anatomy of the digestive system
Endingen is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On January the former municipality of Unterendingen merged into the municipality of Endingen. References Other websites Municipalities of Aargau
Aberfoyle is a village in Scotland. It is in the Stirling council area. Villages in Stirling council
Rattenberg () is a town of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is on the Inn river. References Other websites Settlements in Tyrol (state)
 Wikipedia is an asteroid in the asteroid belt. It was discovered by Andrushivka Astronomical Observatory in . It was named "Wikipedia" in January . Wikipedia
Mioriţa (The Little Ewe) is a Romanian traditional ballad. Other websites Mioriţa in Romanian Mioriţa in English (translation by W. D. Snodgrass) Songs Romania
Oswaldo de Oliveira (born December ) is a Brazilian football manager. He manages for Corinthians Paulista. References births Living people Footballers from Rio de Janeiro
Reuben Chitandika Kamanga ( August – September ) was a Zambian politician, freedom fighter and a statesman. He was Zambia's first Vice President when Kenneth Kaunda became the first black President of Zambia. As Zambia's first Vice President, Kamanga worked for three years before Kenneth Kaunda changed him to be a cabinet minister. References Vice Presidents of Zambia births deaths
The Orkney Islands (often also called only Orkney) is an archipelago in the Northern Isles of Scotland, United Kingdom. It is about kilometres north of Caithness. of the about islands have people living on them. The administrative centre is Kirkwall (with about people living there). The next largest settlements are Stromness ( people) and St. Margaret's Hope (with about people). In addition to the mainland, most of the islands are in two groups, the North and South Isles. All of them are made of sandstone. The climate is mild and the soil is fertile. Most of the land is farmed and agriculture is the main source of income for the economy. There are many birds and fish. Transportation Ferry services go much of the time to Lerwick (in Shetland). Most islands have air strips (for airplanes). This includes the shortest known flight service in the world, between Westray and Papa Westray. Official flight time is minutes. If the wind goes in the right direction, the flight can take just over a minute. References Other websites Orkney.com Official website Counties of Scotland Scottish Council Areas
Vera Pless (née Stepen, March , – March , ) was an American mathematician. She worked in combinatorics and coding theory. She was professor emerita at the University of Illinois at Chicago. She was born in West Side, Chicago, Illinois. She began working in physics at the University of Chicago, but soon won a fellowship to study at Northwestern University. Later she worked at military researching at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where she worked as a research associate for Project MAC. Pless died at her home in Oak Park, Illinois on March , at the age of . References births deaths American mathematicians Educators from Chicago Researchers Scientists from Chicago
The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad is a animated movie. It was made by Walt Disney Productions. The movie was released to theaters on October , by RKO Radio Pictures. There are two parts in the movie. Both are based on popular works of literature. The story of Mr. Toad is based on Kenneth Grahame's The Wind in the Willows. The story of Ichabod Crane and the Headless Horseman is based on Washington Irving's The Legend of Sleepy Hollow. Cast Bing Crosby Ichabod, Brom Bones, Narrator ("The Legend of Sleepy Hollow") Eric Blore J. Thaddeus Toad Basil Rathbone Narrator ("The Wind In the Willows"), Policeman Pat O'Malley Cyril Proudbottom, Policeman, Paper boy (unseen) Colin Campbell Moley John McLeish Prosecutor Campbell Grant Angus MacBadger Claude Allister Ratty Leslie Dennison Judge, Weasel # Edmond Stevens Weasel # Oliver Wallace Mr. Winky (uncredited) Awards Golden Globe Awards Best Cinematography Color Won References Other websites movies Disney animated movies Movies composed by Oliver Wallace
WTTE is a television station in Columbus, Ohio. It is part of the FOX television network. They first broadcast in as a general entertainment station. In , joined the FOX network. They have news called Good Day Columbus and FOX News at which is the most watched late news in Columbus, Ohio . American television stations Columbus, Ohio
This is a list of the rivers of Fiji. They are listed by island in clockwise order, starting at the north end of each island. Tributaries are listed under the parent stream. Gau Wailevu River (Gau) Ovalau Lovoni River Taveuni Waimbula River (Taveuni) Tavoro Creek Somosomo Creek Vanua Levu Nakura River Nanggerenggere River Lakemba River Vuniyaro River Nasoni River Korotasere River Vaturova River Nala River Koroivonu River Timbitimbi River Mbutha River (Buca River) Kasavu River Mataniwai River Ngalongalo River Nasekawa River Ndrakaniwai River Natoavou River Navilangolango River Yanawai River Kilaka River Mbonda River Suetambu River Wainunu River Navilevu River Ndawathumu River Nambuna River Nalomate River Korolevu River Tongolevu River Ndama River Mbua River Lekutu River Kavula River Nawailevu River Nandamanu River Naiselesele River Sarowangga River Tavua River Dreketi River Nambiti River Naua River Ndrawa River Navuturerenga River Lutukina River Nakorotolutolu River Vunimbelembele River Seanggangga River Nanenivunda River Korovuli River Nasuva River Tambia River Nggaloyangga River Wailevu River (Vanua Levu) Labasa River Wairikithake River Wairikinggisi River Nggawa River (Qawa River) Mbuthaisau River Wainikoro River Nandongo River Nalangi River Langalanga River Numbu River Nasavu River Vunivia River Viti Levu Nasivi River Yanggara River Saravi River Penang River Nakauvandra River Rukuruku River Ndawasamu River Waimbula River (Viti Levu) Waimaro River Wainivesi River Waindalithi River Savu River Namata River Waindamu River Navuloa River Nasilai River Rewa River Vunindawa River Nasoata River Tonga River Waimanu River Waindina River Wainibuka River Waisomo River Wailoa River Nasonggo River Wainimala River Lawaki River Nasinu River Samambula River Vatuwangga River Tamavua River Lami River Veisari River Wainandoi River Lombau River Tonguru River Navua River Wainikoroiluva River ('Luva River) Veinungga River Ndeumba River Nggaraninggio River Taunovo River Sovi River Sigatoka River Namanda River Tuva River Kumbuna River Nandi River Malakua River Sambeto River Vunda River Vitongo River Ba River (Mba River) References GEOnet Names Server Fiji Fiji Fiji
The Tangerang prison fire was a fire in an overcrowded prison block in the city of Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia, in Greater Jakarta. The fire happened on September in sector C of the Tangerang prison. It killed inmates and injured others. This was the deadliest fire in Indonesia since the Tangerang fireworks disaster, which killed at least people. References disasters in Indonesia fires in Asia Banten Building and structure fires in Asia History of Java September events
Herwald Ramsbotham GCMG, GCVO, OBE, MC, PC ( March – January ) otherwise known as "The Viscount Solabry", was a British politician. He was a government minister between and and served as the Governor General of Ceylon between and . births deaths Governors General of Ceylon Government ministers
The Barbary lion (Panthera leo leo) was a local group of lions which are now extinct in the wild {IUCN}. The Barbary lion was also called the atlas lion and the nubian lion. It was a local group, or perhaps subspecies, of the lion. It used to live in North Africa, from Morocco to Egypt. Looks and behavior The Barbary lion was large and heavy. Males weighed about , and females weighed about . Male lions were said to be about long and females were about long. Some scientists think that these sizes and weights are too large. These scientists think that the Barbary lion is probably the size of the lions found in East Africa. The places where the Barbary lion lived did not have a lot of prey. These lions did not live in prides because of this. The main animals they hunted in the Atlas Mountains were the Barbary stag and the gazelle. The lions also ate cows and sheep raised by people. These lions lived alone, or in pairs. The female Barbary lion raised her cubs until they were mature. This took about two years. After that, the cubs left their mother. Sources Panthera Mammals of Africa
For information about the Gothic metal band, see Sirenia (band) Sirenia is an order of herbivorous mammals. In this order are the dugong and three species of manatee. Taxonomy Order Sirenia Family Dugongidae Dugong, Dugong dugon †Steller's sea cow, Hydrodamlis gigas Family Trichechidae West Indian manatee, Trichechus manatus African manatee, Trichechus senegalensis Amazonian manatee, Trichechus inunguis References Other websites
The Road to Wigan Pier is a book by George Orwell. It was published in . The first part of the book is about poverty in Lancashire and Yorkshire. It describes how people lived with very little money. In the second part of the book, the writer talks about how he thinks socialism could help make people's lives better. Background George Orwell was paid to write a book about how people in Northern England lived. He travelled to different parts of the country to find out what people's lives were like. He stayed with families in different towns and also went to workplaces like coal mines. Structure The first part of the book talks about the way people lived. It talks about their houses, food, jobs and education. It describes what happened to people if they lost their jobs or became unwell. The second part of the book talks about socialism. George Orwell explains why he thinks socialism would help poor people have better lives. References books Wigan Books by George Orwell
Neupré is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège. In , people lived there. It is at ° North, ° East. References Municipalities of Liège
Prithvirajsing Roopun GCSK (born May ), also known as Pradeep Singh Roopun, is a Mauritian politician. He has been the President of Mauritius since . References births Living people Presidents of Mauritius Current national leaders
Ohio is a village in Illinois in the United States. Villages in Illinois
Paul Shane (George Frederick Speight. June – May ) was an English comedian and actor, best known for his television work such as playing the part of Ted Bovis in Hi de Hi., a sitcom broadcast on the BBC in the mid s. Shane was born on June in Thrybergh, West Riding of Yorkshire, England. He was married to Dory Shane until her death in . They had three children. Shane died on May in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England from an illness, aged . References Other websites Official website births deaths Actors from Yorkshire Comedians from Yorkshire Disease related deaths in England English movie actors English stage actors English television actors English voice actors
Georg Ratzinger PA ( January – July ) was a German Catholic priest and musician. He was known for his work as the conductor of the Regensburger Domspatzen, the cathedral choir of Regensburg, Germany. He was the elder brother of Benedict XVI, Pope Emeritus. He was born in Bavaria, Germany. Ratzinger died on July in Regensburg, Germany, aged . References Other websites Ratzinger, Georg, My brother the pope (Ignatius Press ) births deaths German conductors German Roman Catholics People from Regensburg Roman Catholic priests
Mazinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord Pas de Calais in the Pas de Calais department in the north of France. Communes in Pas de Calais
Vorges is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. Communes in Aisne
The Copenhagen interpretation is an interpretation of quantum mechanics in physics. It was developed by Werner Heisenberg, Niels Bohr, and Albert Einstein in Copenhagen in . It is based on an idea called Born's law of the wave function by the Nobel Prize laureate Max Born. It is one of the first usable models of quantum mechanics. Quantum mechanics
Patrick Augustus Mervyn Manning ( August – July ) was a Trinidadian politician. He was the fourth Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago. He served from December to November and again from December to May . Manning died on July at a hospital in San Fernando from acute myeloid leukemia, aged . References Other websites births deaths Deaths from acute myeloid leukemia Prime Ministers of Trinidad and Tobago Commonwealth Chairpersons in Office
Sergy is a commune in the region Auvergne Rhône Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.
David Rotem (‎. January – June ) was an Israeli politician. He served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu between and . He was born in Bnei Brak to a Orthodox Jewish family, and grew up in Jerusalem. Rotem died from cardiac arrest on June in Efrat, West Bank, aged . References births deaths Cardiovascular disease deaths in Israel Deaths from cardiac arrest Former Members of Knesset Jewish Israeli politicians Yisrael Beiteinu politicians
Pontboset is a comune in the Aosta Valley region in Italy. References Settlements in Valle d'Aosta
Purdy is a city in Barry County, Missouri, United States. Cities in Missouri
The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) is an international organization with a membership of Member States and Territories. It was originally known as the International Meteorological Organization (IMO), which was founded in . In , the United Nations created the WMO for meteorology (weather and climate), operational hydrology and related geophysical sciences. Its headquarters are in Geneva, Switzerland. The current president is Alexander Bedritsky and the current Secretary General is Michel Jarraudwho were both elected by the th World Meteorological Congress in . World Meteorological Day World Meteorological Day is celebrated every year on March which was founded by the organization itself. Other websites World Meteorological Organization Founding charter NOAA. Retired Hurricane Names WMO country codes United Nations Geneva establishments
Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao (Telugu.నందమూరి తారక రామా రావు)( May – January ), more commonly known as N.T. Rama Rao, NTR by his fans, or Anna garu, was an Indian movie actor, director, producer, and politician. He founded the Telugu Desam Party and served three times as Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh. His movies included mythological, social, and folk themes. He was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in the s for his work in Telugu cinema. After acting, Rao became a political activist and party leader. References births deaths Indian actors Indian movie directors Indian movie producers Indian politicians
The Assiniboine River is a river in Manitoba, Canada. It meets the Red River of the North at Winnipeg. It starts in the United States and drains into Lake Winnipeg. Sources Rivers of Canada Rivers of the United States
Physical fitness is the ability to be physically active, to move and respond to the environment. People can take various tests to measure their physical performance. Such tests are necessary for some occupations, such as soldiers and firefighters. Physical fitness has two components. general fitness (a state of health and well being) and specific fitness (the ability to perform specific aspects of sports or occupations). Components of physical fitness The President's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports — a study group sponsored by the United States Government — declines to offer a simple definition of physical fitness. Instead, it developed the following chart. Health related components. those factors that are related to how well the systems of your bodywork. Body composition is the relative percentage of body fat compared to lean body mass (muscle, bone, water, etc) Cardiovascular fitness. the ability of the circulatory system (heart and blood vessels) to supply oxygen to working muscles during exercise. Flexibility. the range of movement possible at various joints. Accordingly, a general purpose physical fitness program must address those issues. Ancient icons of physical fitness Related pages Aerobics Calisthenics Equilibrioception Flexibility training Healthy lifestyle Jogging Strength training Physical education Bodybuilding Swim Training Weight training Winter swimming Boxing References Fitness
Mobile Bay is an inlet of the Gulf of Mexico, lying within the state of Alabama in the United States. Its mouth is formed by the Fort Morgan Peninsula on the eastern side and Dauphin Island, a barrier island on the western side. The Mobile River and Tensaw River empty into the northern end of the bay, making it an estuary. Dog River, Deer River, and East Fowl River empty into the western side of the bay, and Fish River is across the bay on the eastern shore. Geography of Alabama Bays of the United States
David Llewelyn Wark "D. W." Griffith (January , – July , ) was an American movie director. He is best known as the director of the Ku Klux Klan movie The Birth of a Nation and the follow up movie Intolerance. The Birth of a Nation made early use of advanced camera and storytelling techniques. It was a very popular movie. It was also a very controversial movie. The movie showed African Americans and White anti racists in a bad way. It also showed slavery and the Ku Klux Klan as good things. The movie was praised by President Woodrow Wilson. He said it was "history written in lightning". The NAACP boycotted the movie. Griffith responded to all the criticism with another movie, Intolerance. This movie showed the dangers of prejudice. The movie did not make as much money as The Birth of a Nation, but the critics liked it. Many of Griffith's later movies were critical successes. They did not make a lot of money. Even so, he is one of the most important figures of early movies. Other famous movies by Griffith include Orphans of the Storm and Broken Blossoms. References American movie directors births deaths Deaths from stroke
British Railways Class D/ were diesel shunters built from May through to July by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway at their Derby Works. Like the earlier British Rail Class D/, they had the English Electric K diesel engine of . But a big change was having a "Jackshaft" type of connection between engine and wheels (like a diesel mechanical shunter). These were given LMS numbers –. Ten were loaned to the War Department in , and sold to the WD the following year. All ten survived the war. six were then sold to Egyptian Railways and four to Italian State Railways (Ferrovie dello Stato—FS). London, Midland and Scottish Railway locomotives D/ C locomotives
Joseph "Joe" Swanson (born November , ) is a character in the television comedy series Family Guy. He is friends with other main characters, Peter Griffin and Glenn Quagmire. He is in a wheelchair because a criminal hit him with a pipe, and later shot him in both of his legs. He is married to Bonnie Swanson. His relationship with Peter Griffin starts off as not that good but at the end of the show joe cheats on his wife with Peter and become lovers. They had one son, Kevin Swanson, and a daughter, for which Bonnie was pregnant for about years instead of months. Joe works as a cop, and is years old. Joe usually wears a grey shirt and blue pants. Sometimes he is seen wearing his police uniform. References Family Guy characters Fictional characters introduced in en.Family Guy characters#Joe Swanson
Theodore G. "Ted" Venetoulis (June , – October , ) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the sixth Baltimore County Executive from to . He ran for Governor of Maryland in but lost the Democratic primary election to Harry Hughes. Venetoulis died on October , at the age of . References births deaths Politicians from Baltimore US Democratic Party politicians
The Telamiina (Track mine model , with detonator model ) is a Finnish Army standard issue anti tank mine. The mine is made of . kg (~ lbs) of cast TNT. The mine is armed with a detonator that is set to explode when at least  kg (~ lbs) of pressure is applied to it. The blast effect of the mine blows the track off of tanks and damages their driving wheel. The mine is also known as the Kuntonappi ("Fitness pill") or the Tellu (female name, shortened form of Tellervo). References http.//www.mil.fi/maavoimat/kalustoesittely/index.dsp.level=&equipment= Explosives
The Rosé Quartet was a string quartet formed by Arnold Rosé in . The group played together for years, until . Arnold Rosé was the first violin for the whole of that time, but the other members changed. Julius Egghard played the second violin at first. then it was Albert Bachrich, until when Paul Fischer joined. The viola player was Anton Loh, then Hugo von Steiner until , then Anton Ruzitska. after , Max Handl played the viola. Eduard Rosé, Arnold’s brother, was the cellist at first, but left after one season he left to get married and was replaced by Reinhold Hummer. The next cellist was Friedrich Buxbaum. cellist Anton Walter joined in , but later on Buxbaum took over once more. The group were particularly famous between and , with Rosé, Fischer, Ruzitska, and Buxbaum. They were known for their great performances of Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven, but also some more modern composers including Arnold Schoenberg. The group often gave the first Vienna performances of works by Brahms, including his Clarinet Quintet and his Quintet in G major Opus . It also gave the first performance of Schoenberg's first and second string quartets and the sextet Verklärte Nacht in which they were joined by two other members of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra. Franz Jelinek, viola, and Franz Schmidt, cello. String quartets
Woodside is the name of several places. Australia Woodside, South Australia is a town Woodside, Victoria is another town Woodside Petroleum is an Australian company Canada Woodside is a neighborhood in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia New Zealand Woodside, New Zealand is a locality near Greytown in the Wairarapa United Kingdom Woodside, Aberdeen is a district of Aberdeen Woodside, Bedfordshire is a hamlet near Luton Woodside, Berkshire is a hamlet on the edge of Windsor Great Park Woodside, Bradford is a locality in Bradford, West Yorkshire Woodside, County Durham is a village in County Durham Woodside, Combria Woodside, Glasgow is a district of Glasgow Woodside, London is a neighbourhood in the London Borough of Croydon, South London Woodside, Merseyside is a locality in Birkenhead, Wirral Woodside, Paisley is a district of Paisley Woodside Estate, an industrial estate in Dunstable, Bedfordshire United States Woodside, California Woodside, Delaware Woodside, Newark, New Jersey Woodside, Pennsylvania Woodside Township, Otter Tail County, Minnesota Woodside Township, Polk County, Minnesota Woodside, Queens a neighborhood in the borough of Queens, New York City USA. Woodside, a neighborhood of Silver Spring, Maryland, USA Woodside (Home) is a home in Marion, Indiana that was designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright.
The Ruwer Hochwald Radweg is a cycle trail. It links the Moselle valley and the Hunsrück from Trier to Hermeskeil in Rhineland Palatinate, Germany. The length is about . Trier Ruwer Mertesdorf Kasel Waldrach. Waldrach Sommerau Gusterath Tal Pluwigerhammer. Pluwigerhammer Hinzenburg Burg Heid. Burg Heid Hentern Zerf. Zerf Niederkell. Niederkell Kell am See. Kell am See Reinsfeld. Reinsfeld Hermeskeil. Other websites www.ruwer hochwald radweg.de Cycling in Germany Sport in Rhineland Palatinate Transport in Germany
Ibrahim Yakubu Lame ( February – May ) was a Nigerian educator and politician. He served in the Senate from to . He was made Minister of Police Affairs by President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua in , serving until . He was born in Bauchi State. Lame died on May in Abuja, at the age of . References births deaths Educators Nigerian politicians
is a city in Niigata Prefecture, Japan. References Cities in Japan Settlements in Niigata Prefecture
Lee Hyo ri (b. May , ) is a South Korean singer and actress. She debuted as a leader of the girl group, 'FIN.KL' on May, . The group was rival with another group named 'S.E.S'. Lee Hyori became a sole singer in . With her debut, her fashion and activity attracted public attention. She was so popular that 'Lee Hyori syndrome' was the highest keyword in Korea. Lee Hyori acted the leading part in drama, named 'three leaf clover'. Despite popularity of Lee Hyori, the acting ability was criticized. 'U Go Girl', her rd album's title music, gained public interest. And another music named 'Hey Mr.BiG' also became popular. These made Lee Hyori to the highest position. Now she is member of program which SBS broadcasts. She is a huge asset to the program called "Here come the 'family'", in which she was praised to have shown her cool, honest personality. Other websites Hyolee World Lee Hyori discography at MusicTea Lee Hyori at the Korean Movie Database births Living people South Korean singers South Korean actors
Menlo is a city in Iowa in the United States. Cities in Iowa
William Edward Felix Hodgman (born April ) is an Australian politician. He was the th Premier of Tasmania from March to January . He was a member for the Division of Franklin in the Tasmanian House of Assembly from to . In March , he became the longest serving leader in the history of the Tasmanian Liberals. References births Living people Premiers of Tasmania Liberal Party of Australia politicians Politicians from Hobart
Chuck Hulse (October , – July , ) was an American racecar driver. He was born in Anaheim, California. Hulse raced in the USAC Championship Car series in the – and – seasons, with career starts, including the Indianapolis races in , , and . On July , , Hulse died, aged . References births deaths American racecar drivers Sportspeople from California People from Anaheim, California
Lionel Barrymore (Lionel Herbert Blythe, April , – November , ) was an American movie, television, stage, and radio actor who won an Academy Award in . He is known for his roles in A Free Soul, The Little Colonel, It's a Wonderful Life, Young Dr. Kildare, and in David Copperfield. His brother was actor John Barrymore and his grandniece is actress Drew Barrymore. Barrymore was born on April , in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at the Episcopal Academy. Barrymore was married to Doris Rankin from until they divorced in . Then he was married to Irene Fenwick from until they divorced in . He had two daughters with Rankin, both died early. He had a fatherly love with Jean Harlow and treated her as if she was his own daughter. Barrymore died on November , in Van Nuys, California from a heart attack, aged . References Other websites Photographs of Lionel Barrymore Lionel Barrymore at Internet Broadway Database births deaths Deaths from myocardial infarction American movie actors American television actors American stage actors American radio actors American silent movie actors Actors from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Academy Award winning actors
Clerks is an American comedy movie directed by Kevin Smith. It takes place in and around a convenience store in New Jersey. Clerks was controversial. Due to graphic language it received an NC rating, although the rating was later changed to R. Clerks was distributed from Miramax. It was released in October . Other websites comedy movies American comedy movies English language movies Movies set in New Jersey Miramax movies American independent movies
Manganese fluoride can refer to any of these following compounds. Manganese(II) fluoride Manganese(III) fluoride Manganese(IV) fluoride
is a city that is in Chiba Prefecture, Japan. Cities in Chiba Prefecture
Duty is a term that conveys a sense of moral commitment or obligation to someone or something. The moral commitment usually results in action and is not a matter of passive feeling or mere recognition. When someone recognizes a duty, that person theoretically commits himself to its fulfillment without considering their own self interest. This is not to suggest that living a life of duty entirely precludes a life of leisure. however, its fulfillment generally involves some sacrifice of immediate self interest. Typically, "the demands of justice, honor, and reputation are deeply bound up" with duty. Cicero discusses the concept of duty in his work “On Duty". There, he suggests that duties can come from four different sources. as result of being human as a result of one's particular place in life (one's family, one's country, one's job) as a result of one's character as a result of one's own moral expectations for oneself Other uses of the word have sprung from the root idea of obligation, a concept involved in the notion of duty. For example, the concept is used to describe the services performed by a minister of a church, by a soldier, or by any employee or servant. Many schools of thought have debated the idea of duty. Many assert mankind's duty on their own terms, but some philosophers have absolutely rejected a sense of duty. Duty has to be accepted and understood on the basis of one's foundation of sense and knowledge. Therefore, duty and its manifestations vary with values from culture to culture. On one hand duty may be seen as terms of reference, job description, or behavior and it is all of that ... but duty is not only about doing things right, it is about doing the right thing. References Ethics
The District of Rolle was a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The seat of the district was the town of Rolle. As of it is part of Nyon District, except the town of Allaman which is now part of the Morges District. Former districts of Vaud
K Swiss, Inc. is an American footwear company. It is based in Westlake Village, California. It designs, develops, and markets a range of athletic shoes under the K Swiss brand and its wholly owned subsidiary Royal Elastics, Inc. K Swiss was founded in in Los Angeles, California, by two Swiss brothers who became interested in tennis after emigrating to the United States, where they introduced the first leather tennis shoes. American clothing companies Companies based in Los Angeles establishments in California
Miami County (county code MI) is a county in east central Kansas. In , , people lived there. Its county seat is Paola. Paola is also the biggest city in Miami County. Geography The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (.%) is water. People Miami County is included in the Kansas City, MO KS Metropolitan Statistical Area. Government Presidential elections Education Unified school districts Osawatomie USD Paola USD Louisburg USD Spring Hill USD Wellsville USD Communities Cities Fontana Louisburg Osawatomie Paola Spring Hill (partly in Johnson County) References Notes More reading Standard Atlas of Miami County, Kansas. Geo. A. Ogle & Co. pages. . An Illustrated Historical Atlas of Miami County, Kansas. Edwards Brothers. pages. . Other websites County Miami County Directory of Public Officials Maps Miami County Maps. Current, Historic, KDOT Kansas Highway Maps. Current, Historic, KDOT Kansas Railroad Maps. Current, , , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society establishments in Kansas Territory
Tamsui Xinyi Line is a line of the Taipei Metro in Taipei and New Taipei, Taiwan. This line is also called the Red Line. The line connects Xiangshan to Tamsui. You can transfer to the Wenhu Line at Daan, to the Bannan Line at Taipei Main Station, to the Songshan Xindian Line at Chiang Kai shek Memorial Hall or Zhongshan, or you can transfer to the Zhonghe Xinlu Line at Dongmen or Minquan West Road. When Phase of the Wanda Zhonghe Shulin Line (Light Green Line) is completed in , passengers will be able to transfer to the Wanda Zhonghe Shulin Line at Chiang Kai shek Memorial Hall metro station. When Phase of the CIrcular Line has been completed, transfers to the Circular Line can be made at Shilin station. The line currently consists of stations with station codes from R to R. Station R is still under construction, and RA (Xinbeitou) is located on the branch line from R (Beitou.) Stations Guangci/Fengtian Temple R (opening ) Xiangshan R Taipei /World Trade Center R Xinyi Anhe R Daan R (transfer to Wenhu line) Daan Park R Dongmen R (transfer to Zhonghe Xinlu line) Chiang Kai shek Memorial Hall R (transfer to Songshan Xindian line and future transfer to Wanda Zhonghe Shulin line) NTU Hospital R Taipei Main Station R (transfer to Bannan line) Zhongshan R (transfer to Songshan Xindian line) Shuanglian R Minquan West Road R (transfer to Zhonghe Xinlu line) Yuanshan R Jiantan R Shilin R (future transfer to Circular line) Zhishan R Mingde R Shipai R Qilian R Qiyan R Beitou R (transfer for Xinbeitou) Fuxinggang R Zhongyi R Guandu R Zhuwei R Hongshulin R Tamsui R Xinbeitou branch line Beitou R (transfer to Tamsui Xinyi line) Xinbeitou RA (terminal station) Taipei Railway stations
Overijssel (Latin. Transisalania) is a province of the Netherlands. It is in the central eastern part of the country. The province's name in both Dutch and Latin means "Lands across river IJssel". The capital city of Overijssel is Zwolle. Its biggest city is Enschede. About ,, people are living in Overijssel (). Geography Overijssel has Germany to the east. The Achterhoek region of Gelderland lies to the south, the Veluwe region of Gelderland and Flevoland are to the west, and Friesland and the former moors of Drenthe to the north. Overijssel is made of three regions. Kop van Overijssel in the northwest, Salland in the centre of the province, and Twente in the east. Besides the capital Zwolle, the major cities are Almelo, Deventer, Enschede, and Hengelo. To the southeast, the land is mostly sandy. There are small rivers and brooks cutting through it. Examples for such rivers are Regge and Dinkel. In the northwest, the geology is mostly made of sediments from the Overijsselse Vecht and clay. The northern parts were once covered by veen (bogs) which separated the dryer and more arable south from Drenthe. These bogs have been exploited as fuel to a large degree. Only small patches survive today (Engbertsdijksvenen near Tubbergen, Witteveen (near Haaksbergen, and the Aamsveen (near Enschede). The extreme northwest is dominated by a system of lakes formed by former peat mining, the Weerribben, which is a valuable wetland. The highest point in Overijssel is the summit of the Tankenberg, a hill in the municipality of Losser. It is metres ( ft). The lowest point is in the Mastenbroek Polder near Kampen at metres ( ft) below sea level. History Overijssel was formerly known as Oversticht. In , it was made part of Guelders. It was given to the Bishopric of Utrecht in . Utrecht was known as het Sticht. The Bishops gave the Oversticht to the Emperor Charles V in , who styled himself "Lord of Overijssel". With this, he gave the province its modern name. The people joined with the other Dutch and rebelled against Charles' heir Philip II. Overijssel became governed by the most powerful mayors and lords in the province. After a brief occupation by the forces of the Bishop of Münster (–), Overijssel received a new form of government. This granted the stadtholders more power. Widespread resistance against the bigger power throughout the provinces lead to the Batavian Republic in . A centralist government arose and the Netherlands was organised into a series of départements, based on those used by revolutionary France. At first organised into its own département, it was merged with Drenthe in to form Ouden Ijssel, which was renamed Overijssel in . The French annexed the Batavian Republic in , and Overijssel was organised into the new French département of Bouches de l'Yssel. After the defeat of Napoleon in , the kingdom of the Netherlands and the former province of Overijssel were recreated. Overijssel was briefly occupied by Nazi Germany during World War II from May , until its liberation in April . The Noordoostpolder, which had been laid dry in , was part of Overijssel from until , when it became part of the newly created province of Flevoland. Other websites Map of Province
Ruth Landes (October , , New York City – February , , Ontario, Canada) was an American cultural anthropologist best known for studies on Brazilian candomblé cults and her published study on the topic, City of Women (). Landes is recognized by some as a pioneer in the study of race and gender relations. Bibliography Selected books Ojibwa Sociology () The Ojibwa Woman () The City of Women () Culture in American Education. Anthropological Approaches to Minority and Dominant Groups in the Schools () Latin Americans of the Southwest () A cidade das mulheres () (Portuguese translation of The City of Women.) The Mystic Lake Sioux. Sociology of the Mdewakantonwan Sioux () Ojibwa Religion and the Midewiwin () The Prairie Potawatomi. Tradition and Ritual in the Twentieth Century () References Cole, Sally. . Ruth Landes. A Life in Anthropology. University of Nebraska. Register to the Papers of Ruth Schlossberg Landes , National Anthropological Archives, Smithsonian Institution Scientists from New York American anthropologists People from New York City Columbia University alumni births deaths
Dmitry Andreyevich Muratov (, born October ) is a Russian journalist. He is the editor in chief of the Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta. He edited the newspaper between and . He won the Nobel Peace Prize with Maria Ressa. He is known for criticizing President Vladimir Putin and his government on human rights abuses. References births Living people Russian journalists Russian television presenters
Belcodène is a commune of , people (). It is found in the region Provence Alpes Côte d'Azur in the Bouches du Rhône department in the south of France. Communes in Bouches du Rhône
Ryuji Shimoshi (born July , ) is a former Japanese football player. Club career statistics rowspan="" Sagan Tosu rowspan="" J. League } References jsgoal births Living people Footballers from Ehime Prefecture
Francis Cornwall Sherman (September , – November , ) served as Mayor of Chicago two terms (–, –) for the Democratic Party. Sherman was born on September , in Newton, Connecticut. He was a brick manufacturer and made the bricks for Archibald Clybourne's mansion. In July , he was elected a village trustee. In , he opened the City Hotel, later the Sherman House. He continued to work as a contractor and builder, eventually serving as mayor of Chicago three times. His son, Francis Trowbridge Sherman, was a brigadier general in the Union Army during the Civil War. Sherman died on November , in Chicago, Illinois, aged . He was married to Electa Trowbridge in Danbury, Connecticut before moving here in Chicago. They had seven children. Other websites First Inaugural Address Second Inaugural Address Third Inaugural Address births deaths Mayors of Chicago Politicians from Connecticut US Democratic Party politicians
Blood diamonds, also known as conflict diamonds, are diamonds mined in a war zone and sold illegally to pay for anti government fighting. There have been . million deaths over diamonds. Blood diamonds come from areas controlled by armed groups which are fighting against the government. These armed groups force civilians (mostly children) to mine diamonds. People who refuse to do this work may be raped, abused, or even murdered. The armed groups then sell the diamonds and use the money to buy weapons. Then they use these weapons to fight against the government. Diamonds mined during the th–st century civil wars in Angola, Ivory Coast, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Guinea, and Guinea Bissau have been called blood diamonds. The Kimberly Process Certification Scheme (KPCS) helps keep blood diamonds out of markets. Every KPCS certified diamond has to be labeled with a specific government number. Eighty one countries participate in the KPCS. References Conflicts Minerals
The Nicholson Memorial is a monument in the Margalla Hills, near the town of Taxila, Pakistan. It is in the shape of an obelisk. It was made in in memory of a British Indian officer John Nicholson, who once used to be in charge of this area. This officer died in the Indian Rebellion of . History of Pakistan Buildings and structures in Pakistan establishments s establishments in Pakistan
Brémoy is a commune. It is found in the region Basse Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. Communes in Calvados
Mérignas is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France. Communes in Gironde
Seine et Marne is a department found in the center of France in the Île de France region. Its prefecture is Melun and its population is about ,, ( estimation). It is one of the first French departments made during the French revolution. Departments in Île de France
Kelheim () is a town and municipality in Bavaria, Germany. It is the capital of the district Kelheim and is at the convergence of the rivers Altmühl and Danube. Kelheim has a population of around ,. References Other websites Kelheim.de Virtual ° Panoramic Tour of old Town Kelheim Kelheim (district) Towns in Bavaria
Eric John Ernest Hobsbawm, CH, FBA, FRSL (. June – October ) was a British Marxist historian. He worked on the rise of industrial capitalism, socialism, and nationalism. His best known works include his trilogy about what he called the "long th century" (The Age of Revolution. Europe –, The Age of Capital. – and The Age of Empire. –), The Age of Extremes. Other websites Eric Hobsbawm page at David Higham. Profile in the London Review of Books Maya Jaggi, "A question of faith", The Guardian, September . Richard W. Slatta, "Eric J. Hobsbawm’s Social Bandit. A Critique and Revision" , A Contracorriente, . http.//www.international.ucla.edu/article.asp.parentid= Interview with Eric Hobsbawm and Donald Sassoon. European Identity and Diversity in Dialogue , Barcelona Metropolis, Spring . Eric Hobsbawm interviewed by Alan Macfarlane, September (film). Where have the rebels gone. An interview with Eric Hobsbawm (video), Books & Ideas, January . World Distempers. interview with Eric Hobsbawm, New Left Review , January–February . Brief bio and links to articles, Spartacus Educational "Professor Eric Hobsbawm" on Desert Island Discs, March . Remembering Eric Hobsbawm, Historian for Social Justice. Eric Foner for The Nation. October . births deaths British historians Writers from London People from Alexandria
Pangolins (or scaly anteaters) are mammals which live in Africa and Asia. They have scales on their skin. They are the only mammals which have this adaptation. There are three genera of pangolin, all of which eat ants and termites. They catch their food using their tongues, and they do not eat anything else. These scaled mammals are considered one of the most threatened animal among the mammal species. Unfortunately we know very little of their known status, such as their distribution across West African countries. Only evidence of the white bellied pangolin (Phataginus tricuspis) was found. No evidence of the Giant Pangolin (Smutsia gigantic) was found leading to believe that the giant pangolin no longer appears in West Africa. Pangolins have features of armadillos (long, ant eating tongue and broad tail) and sloths (claws), but the pangolin is in a completely different order. The pangolin belongs to the order Pholidota. Pangolins have large, hardened, overlapping plate like scales. The pangolin scales are made of keratin. and are attached to muscles under the skin. and can be moved to point towards predators. Hair grows between the scales and near the rear of the animal. The pangolin's scaled body is a bit like a pine cone or globe artichoke. It can curl up into a ball when threatened, with its overlapping scales acting like armour while it tucks its face under its tail. The scales are sharp, providing extra defence from predators. A pangolin's main predators are wild cats, hyenas and humans. A mother pangolin's gestation period is between and days. Young pangolin are born with scales, and they harden by the second day the pangopup is out of the womb. When walking on a level surface the pangolin is bipedal. It walks on the back legs. Its body is held horizontal, and is balanced by its heavy tail at the back. Sometimes pangolins are smuggled into China on the black market. Their scales are used as an ingredient in traditional Chinese medicine. Pangolins are a critically endangered species and have been hunted and trafficked all across Asia and Africa. They are usually sought after for their scales, meat and medical properties. This creature also has been identified as a host for SARS CoV and similar viruses. References Other websites Pangolin. Wildlife summary from the African Wildlife Foundation A photograph of a pangolin Paul Kuniholm Pangolin Mural Mammals
Chorges is a commune in the Hautes Alpes department. References Communes in Hautes Alpes
Arthur Worth "Bud" Collins, Jr. (June , – March , ) was an American journalist and television sportscaster. He was best known for his tennis commentary. Collins was born in Lima, Ohio. For several years with the Boston Globe, he was a general and political columnist. In , he was a candidate for mayor of Boston. Collins died on March , in Brookline, Massachusetts. He was aged . References Other websites Bud Collins WGBH Alumni Profile Interview with Tennis Prose spanning the life and career of Bud Collins births deaths Journalists from Ohio Politicians from Ohio American sports commentators Sportspeople from Ohio People from Lima, Ohio
Wolfgang Nastainczyk ( January – December ) was a German theologian, lecturer and priest. He taught at the University of Regensburg alongside Joseph Ratzinger (now Pope Benedict XVI). He was the cousin of another noted German theologian, Johannes Tenzler. Nastainczyk was born in Leobschütz, Upper Silesia. References births deaths German theologians
Lithium cyanide is an inorganic compound. Its chemical formula is LiCN. It is a white, hygroscopic, water soluble salt. Lithium cyanide is made by reacting lithium hydroxide with hydrogen cyanide. References Lithium compounds
Frederick James Kroesen, Jr. (February , – April , ) was a United States Army four star general. He was born in Phillipsburg, New Jersey. Kroesen was the Commanding General of the Seventh United States Army and the commander of NATO Central Army Group from to , and Commanding General, United States Army Forces Command from to . He also was Vice Chief of Staff of the Army from to . He commanded troops in World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. Kroesen died on April , in Alexandria, Virginia, aged . References births deaths American generals American military personnel of World War II American military personnel of the Korean War American military personnel of the Vietnam War People from New Jersey
James Christian "Jimmy" Kimmel (born November , ) is an American comedian, voice actor, actor, writer, producer, musician, television host, and radio personality. He is the host and creator of Jimmy Kimmel Live., a late night talk show that airs on ABC. Early life He is of German and Italian ancestry. References births Living people American television talk show hosts Comedians from New York City Emmy Award winners
Banstead is a village in the borough of Reigate and Banstead in Surrey, England. It has been there since AD. It has a high street with lots of coffee shops, such as Cafe Nero, Costa, and Caffe Italia. Towns close by include Reigate, Sutton, Epsom and Belmont. Villages in Surrey
St. Louis County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Clayton. In , , people lived there. In betwixt the years of and four bewitching young enterprisers journeyed from their homes and made the great adventure to stride to the great unknown. They will live infamy. establishments in Missouri Territory Missouri counties
Ray Kappe (August , – November , ) was an American architect and educator. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. In , he resigned as Founding Chair of the Department of Architecture at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona. He soon founded the Southern California Institute of Architecture (SCI Arc). Kappe died from respiratory failure caused by pneumonia on November , in Los Angeles at the age of . References Other websites Kappe Architects website Getty.edu. Ray Kappe papers — finding aids'. U.S. Modernist Masters Gallery — Ray Kappe births deaths Deaths from respiratory failure Deaths from pneumonia Disease related deaths in Los Angeles American architects Educators from Minneapolis, Minnesota Businesspeople from Minneapolis, Minnesota Businesspeople from Los Angeles Educators from Los Angeles
From to , Romania was a socialist republic. From to , it was called Romanian People's Republic (Republica Populară Romînă, RPR). In , Nicolae Ceaușescu came to power. He succeeded Gheorghe Gheorghiu Dej, who died of cancer that year. To reflect the change, the state was renamed to Socialist Republic of Romania. After the fall of the Berlin wall, in , there was a revolution. Protesters wanted Ceaușescu to step down. During demostrations, Romanian Secret police, Securitate used weapons. Part of the regular armed forces joined the protests. Over people were killed in the fights that resulted. Ceaușescu was captured, and tried before a military tribunal. The tribunal sentenced him and his wife to death. Together with his wife, he was shot, on December , . Ion Iliescu became the new president. References s establishments in Romania establishments in Europe disestablishments in Europe Former countries in Europe Former countries in the Balkans Romania Former dictatorships States and territories established in the s States and territories disestablished in the th century
Floral Park is an incorporated village in Nassau County, New York, United States, on Long Island. , people lived here in . References Villages in New York
Harold Holzer (born February , in Brooklyn, New York) is an American historian and writer. He is known for being an educator of the life of Abraham Lincoln and the Civil War era. He was the script consultant to the Steven Spielberg movie, Lincoln. Holzer is the chairman of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission. References Other websites Official Site of Harold Holzer Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission Booknotes interview with Holzer on The Lincoln Douglas Debates, August , . In Depth interview with Holzer, June , C SPAN Q&A interview with Holzer on Lincoln President Elect. Abraham Lincoln and the Great Secession Winter, , November , births Living people American historians Writers from New York City
 Football at the Asian Games was held in Hiroshima from to October. Results Group stage Group A Group B Group C Group D Knockout stage References Football at the Asian Games in association football s in Japan Football in Japan Asian Games
Grand Lake Towne is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Towns in Oklahoma
Broomhouse is a district of Edinburgh, Scotland. Although on the lands of Old Saughton, its name is adopted from an estate which lay to the north of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway. The earliest recorded versions of the name (c.) were variations on Brum(e)hous. It mainly comprises a low rise council housing estate built between and . It borders on Parkhead, Sighthill, and Saughton Mains. The arterial route of Calder Road (A) passes to the south. Edinburgh
Neustrelitz is a town in the south of Mecklenburg Western Pomerania and the old capital city of the grand duchy Mecklenburg Strelitz. Neustrelitz is kilometers away from Neubrandenburg. About , people were living there in . Towns in Mecklenburg Western Pomerania
Juan dela Cruz is the national personification of the Philippines. He is often used to represent the common "Filipino". He is usually shown wearing the native salakot hat, Barong Tagalog, long pants, and tsinelas (). Usage Activists often portray Juan dela Cruz as a victim of American imperialism. During the American period he is often shown with Uncle Sam in many editorial cartoons. of the often depicted him alongside Uncle Sam. In modern times, he is used to show the opinion and feelings of Filipino about their government and society. The term, sometimes shortened to "Juan", also refers to the whole Filipino people. Juan dela Cruz is the Spanish for "John of the Cross". The name is often used to refer to a anonymous Filipino, like how John Doe is used to refer Americans. For females the term María dela Cruz is used instead. References National personifications Philippines
Vito John Fossella Jr. (born March , ) is an American Republican politician and Borough President of Staten Island since . He represented New York's th congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives for six terms, from to . In March , Fossella announced that he was running for Borough President of Staten Island and won the Republican nomination in July. He was elected Borough president in November . References births Living people United States representatives from New York US Republican Party politicians Politicians from New York City Staten Island borough presidents
Schüttorf is a Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the County of Bentheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat is in the municipality Schüttorf. Municipalities Engden Isterberg Ohne Quendorf Samern Schüttorf Samtgemeinden in Lower Saxony
Kondapalli Koteswaramma (August , – September , ) was an Indian communist leader, feminist, revolutionary, and writer. He was born in Pamarru, Andhra Pradesh. Her best known works were Amma Cheppina Aidu Geyalu (), Ashru Sameekshanam (), Sanghamitra Kathalu (). Her autobiography Nirjana Vaaradhi () was published by the Hyderabad Book Trust. It was translated to English as "The Sharp Knife of Memory". Koteswaramma died on September , from a stroke, aged . References births deaths Deaths from stroke Cardiovascular disease deaths in India Communists Centenarians Indian politicians Indian writers Political activists Poets
Kiko (born April ) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team. Club career statistics / Córdoba Segunda División B / rowspan="" Cádiz rowspan="" La Liga / / rowspan="" Atlético Madrid rowspan="" La Liga / / / / / / / Segunda División / Extremadura Segunda División } International career statistics .Total } References births Living people Spanish footballers People from Jerez de la Frontera
Weeley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In there were people living in Weeley. References Villages in Essex Civil parishes in Essex
Saint Brieuc is a commune. It is the prefecture of the Côtes d'Armor department in Brittany. Born in Saint Brieuc Émile Durand (–), music theorist and teacher Auguste Villiers de l'Isle Adam (–), symbolist writer Louis Auguste Harel de La Noë ( ), engineer Célestin Bouglé (–), philosopher Octave Louis Aubert (–), editor Louis Guilloux (–), writer Henri Nomy (–), admiral Maryvonne Dupureur (–), athlete, Olympic m silver medallist Patrick Dewaere (–), actor Anne Marie Idrac ( ), politician Kévin Théophile Catherine, footballer Mamadou Wague, footballer Yelle (Julie Budet) – present, musician Sister cities Saint Brieuc préfecture of the Côtes d'Armor is twinned with . Alsdorf, Germany, since Aberystwyth, Wales, since Agia Paraskevi, Greece, since Related pages Stade Briochin Communes in Côtes d'Armor Departmental capitals in France
Robson Golightly Green (born December ) is an English actor, angler, singer, songwriter, and presenter. His first major TV role was as hospital porter Jimmy Powell in the BBC One medical drama series Casualty (–). He then went on to portray Fusilier Dave Tucker in the ITV military drama series Soldier Soldier (–). Between and , he played Dr. Tony Hill in the ITV crime drama series Wire in the Blood. As a TV presenter he has fronted shows such as Extreme Fishing with Robson Green, Robson's Extreme Fishing Challenge and Tales from Northumberland with Robson Green. He currently plays Detective Inspector Geordie Keating on ITV's Grantchester. He was one half of the singing duo Robson & Jerome, who had several No. singles in the s. Other websites births Living people English television actors English pop singers English singers English singer songwriters English television presenters People from Northumberland
Tziporah Malka "Tzipi" Livni, Hebrew. ציפורה מלכה "ציפי" לבני , (born July , in Tel Aviv) is a former Israeli politician. She was political leader of HaTnu'a ("The Movement"). Livni served both in the army and in the Mossad. Afterwards she studied law at Bar Ilan University and worked as a lawyer. From to and to she was a Member of Knesset. In the s she was a minister, including the jobs of justice and foreign minister. During the Second Netanyahu Government ( ) she was leading the parliamentarian opposition. In she joined the Third Netanyahu Government by becoming justice minister. In the Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accused her and Yesh Atid leader Yair Lapid of trying to bring down his cabinet. They were sent away, which resulted in the downfall of his cabinet. Originally she was a HaLikud politician, but in she joined Kadima. In she founded HaTnu'a. In the elections HaTnu'a formed one list with HaAvoda (Israeli Labor Party) and HaTnu'a HaYeruqa ("The Green Movement"), called HaMahaneh HaTziyoni ("The Zionist Union"). In the th Knesset she was leading this list with (former) HaAvoda leader Yitzhak Herzog. Livni is in favour of the two state solution, besides the State of Israel an independent State of Palestine. As a minister she spoke frequently with Palestinian politicians to achieve this goal. References Bio at Knesset Website births Living people Former Members of Knesset Government ministers of Israel Israeli former political leaders Israeli lawyers Israeli opposition leaders Jewish Israeli politicians Jewish lawyers Jewish women politicians Kadima politicians Likud politicians People from Tel Aviv People of the Mossad
Thomas Andrews Hendricks (September , – November , ) was a U.S. representative and a senator from Indiana, a governor of Indiana, and the twenty first vice president of the United States (serving with Grover Cleveland). Hendricks died in his sleep at home in Indianapolis on November , . Following his death, Congress changed the order of succession for the presidency by removing the leaders of the Senate and House of Representatives. References births deaths Governors of Indiana Grover Cleveland United States representatives from Indiana US Democratic Party politicians th century American politicians
Eric Serra (born September , ) is a French composer, often working with Luc Besson on his movie scores. He has won many awards for his works. Biography Éric Serra's father Claude was a famous French songwriter in the s and 's. Because Claude worked on his music around his son Eric. he became aware of music when he was very young. Eric's mother had died when he was only seven years old. In the early s, Serra had met Luc Besson. Besson was a movie director. Besson had asked Serra to write a score his first movie Le Dernier Combat (). Serra then began creating scores to most of Besson's movies. In , Serra was chosen to write the score to GoldenEye. The th James Bond movie was directed by Martin Campbell. The score had mixed feedback from film critics. Movie scores Arthur and the War of the Two Worlds () The Extraordinary Adventures of Adèle Blanc Sec () Arthur and the Revenge of Maltazard () Arthur and the Invisibles () Bandidas () Bulletproof Monk () Rollerball () Décalage horaire () Wasabi () L'Art (délicat) de la séduction () The Messenger. The Story of Joan of Arc () The Fifth Element () GoldenEye () Léon Atlantis () Nikita The Big Blue Kamikaze () Subway () La Nuit du flingueur () (TV) Le Dernier Combat () L'Avant dernier () (short film) References Other websites Fan Site Official Criss Angel Believe show website births Living people th century French composers st century French composers
Roger Christian (born February ) is an English set decorator, production designer and feature movie director. Christian was born in London, England. He won an Academy Award for his work on the original Star Wars and was Oscar nominated for his work on Alien. Christian directed the second unit on both Return of the Jedi and Star Wars. Episode I – The Phantom Menace as well as feature movies including The Sender and Nostradamus. He also directed the movie Battlefield Earth which is regarded as one of the worst movies ever made. In , he directed an action/adventure/mystery movie, Prisoners of the Sun, starring John Rhys Davies, David Charvet, Carmen Chaplin, and Gulshan Grover. Other websites births Living people Movie directors from London Academy Award winners Set designers
Maxfield Doyle Crook (November , – July , ) was an American musician. His music was electronic music in pop. He was the featured soloist on Del Shannon's hit "Runaway", which he co wrote. He invented the Musitron. He also recorded as Maximilian. Crook was born in Lincoln, Nebraska and raised in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Crook died on July , at the age of . References Other websites Max Crook at DelShannon.com Black Cat Rockabilly site births deaths American pop musicians American inventors Musicians from Nebraska Musicians from Michigan People from Lincoln, Nebraska People from Ann Arbor, Michigan
Naskh is the name for all cursive scripts that are mainly used to copy texts that use the Arabic language. Writing systems Arabic language Islamic culture
National Educational Television (NET) was a United States educational broadcast television network that was owned by the Ford Foundation and later co owned by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. Operating from May , to October , , its direct replacement, the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS), continues in operation and has memberships with many television stations that were formerly part of NET. Programs Actor's Choice BBC Play of the Month Black Journal Creative Persons Dusty's Treehouse Evening at Pops Experiment Festival Festival of Arts Firing Line The Forsyte Saga The French Chef The Friendly Giant ITV Play of the Week Jazz Casual Kukla, Fran and Ollie Lincoln Center/Stage The Magic Roundabout Men of Our Time Mister Rogers' Neighborhood NET Festival NET Journal NET Opera Theater NET Playhouse New York Television Theatre News in Perspective Our World Petra the Cat The Play of the Week Play for Today Playwright at Work Public Broadcast Laboratory Serata a Pops Sesame Street Soul. Theatre Thirteen Against Fate The Toy That Grew Up Victoria Regina The Victorians Washington Week The Wednesday Play What's New. References establishments in the United States disestablishments in the United States
Madiha Yousri (), (née Ghanima Habib Khalil (). December – May ) was an Egyptian movie and television actress. She was born to a Turkish father and Sudanese mother in Cairo. She was known for her role as Siham in Immortal Song (). In she was a member of the jury at the th Moscow International Film Festival. On May , Madiha died at a Cairo hospital from heart disease at the age of . References Other websites Article about Madiha Yousri births deaths Deaths from cardiovascular disease Egyptian actors People from Cairo
The Medium is a two act opera with words and music by Gian Carlo Menotti. It was commissioned by Columbia University. Its first performance was there on May , . The opera's first professional production was presented on a double bill with Menotti's The Telephone. This occurred at the Heckscher Theater, New York City, on February , by the Ballet Society. The Broadway production took place on May , , at the Ethel Barrymore Theater with the same cast. In , Menotti directed, with the help of filmmaker Alexander Hammid, a movie version made to resemble film noir. It starred Anna Maria Alberghetti. A live television production starring Marie Powers took place on December , on the TV series Studio One. Story of the opera Act The medium's parlor Monica, Madame Flora's daughter, and Toby, a mute servant boy rescued from "the streets of Budapest" play dress up. When Madame Flora, or "Baba" as they call her, arrives home drunk, she violently chastises them for not preparing for that night's seance. Soon the guests arrive, Mr. and Mrs. Gobineau, regulars, and the widow Mrs. Nolan who is attending for the first time. With Madame Flora in a trance in her chair, a fake seance is held where Mrs. Nolan speaks with what she thinks is her deceased sixteen year old daughter but is really Monica behind a screen. As Monica disappears, Mrs. Nolan rushes toward the figure and is restrained by the Gobineaus. When order is restored, Mr. and Mrs. Gobineau "communicate" with their deceased two year old son Mickey who does nothing but laugh. After they say goodbye to him, Madame Flora "suddenly, with a loud gasp... clutches at her throat with both hands." She feels a phantom hand clutching her throat and is "terror stricken." After demanding that the guests leave, she calls for Monica and tells her what she felt, eventually blaming Toby who was in the other room the whole time. In an effort to calm Baba's drunken rage toward Toby, Monica sings her the dark lullaby "The Black Swan" which is interrupted by a voice that Baba hears causing her to fly into a terrified rage at Toby for not telling her where the voice is coming from. The act ends with Monica again singing the lullaby while Baba recites her Hail Marys. Act A few days later Toby is giving a puppet show for Monica, their mutual love becomes more obvious. When Baba comes home, she resumes her accusations on Toby, sure that he knows what went on that night. The guests again arrive, expecting another seance but are driven away by Madame Flora who tries to convince them that the whole thing was a sham by revealing all the tricks that she and Monica used. But the guests are not convinced and leave claiming that while she might have thought she was cheating them, she in fact was not. Once the guests are gone, she drives Toby out despite Monica's pleas on his behalf. With everyone gone, and Monica in her room, Baba pours herself another drink and questions her own sanity, becoming wild with drink and eventually passing out. Once she has fallen asleep, Toby sneaks back in and tries to get into Monica's room, but finds it locked and eventually goes to the trunk to find his tambourine. While searching, he knocks the lid of the trunk down waking Baba. Toby quickly hides in the puppet theater. As Baba tries to see where the noise came from and fetches a revolver from a drawer in the table. "Hysterically" she shouts out "Who is it. Speak or I'll Shoot." and the puppet theater curtain moves. "Baba screams and fires at it several times." As Toby's bloody body collapses grasping the curtain, Baba says "I've killed the ghost. I've killed the ghost." Monica, hearing the gunshots, enters, sees Toby's lifeless body and runs for help. As the final curtain falls "very slowly" Baba asks "in a hoarse whisper," "Was it you." Musical highlights "Monica's Waltz" (Monica) "The Black Swan" (Monica) "Afraid, am I afraid." (Baba) References Other websites Synopsis and performance history from USOpera.com The Medium () at IMDB The Medium () at IMDB th century operas Compositions by Gian Carlo Menotti s works
Alexandre Luiz Goulart (born July ) is a Brazilian football player. Club career statistics rowspan="" Cruzeiro rowspan="" Série A Internacional Série A Cruzeiro Série A / rowspan="" Boavista rowspan="" Portuguese Liga / / rowspan="" Nacional rowspan="" Portuguese Liga / / Corinthians Alagoano rowspan="" Shimizu S Pulse rowspan="" J. League } births Living people Brazilian footballers
Albert Reinhold Carmichael (November , – September , ) was an American football player and stuntman. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. Carmichael played for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League between and and then he was with the Denver Broncos of the American Football League in and . Carmichael played as a stuntman in more than movies including Jim Thorpe – All American for Burt Lancaster (), Saturday's Hero (), All American (), Pork Chop Hill (), It Started with a Kiss (), The Big Operator (), Elmer Gantry (), one of the doubles for Kirk Douglas in Spartacus (), Birdman of Alcatraz (), Son of Flubber (), How the West was Won (), and the TV show Rawhide. Carmichael died on September , in Palm Dessert, California at the age of . References births deaths Stuntmen Green Bay Packers players Denver Broncos players American movie actors American television actors Actors from Boston, Massachusetts Sportspeople from Boston, Massachusetts
Paulo Salim Maluf (. born September , ) is a Brazilian politician. He was the State Governor of São Paulo, Mayor of the City of São Paulo, Congressman and Presidential candidate. As of , Maluf is on a second consecutive term as Federal Deputy. His political base is founded on populism and the provision of major public works. References births Living people Brazilian politicians Mayors Brazilian businesspeople
Leinier Domínguez Pérez (born September , in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban chess Grandmaster. He won the Cuban Chess Championship in , , , and . During the FIDE World Chess Championship he reached the quarter finals, losing to Teimour Radjabov in the tie break. His best tournament result was Barcelona , where he scored / and finished first, ahead of Vassily Ivanchuk, with a performance rating of . In , he won the CPA chess tournament and the rd Capablanca in Memoriam tournament. In the same year he tied for first with Evgeny Alekseev (but lost to him in tie break) at Biel (./), ahead of Magnus Carlsen. On November , he won the World Blitz Championship , held at Almaty in Kazakhstan, with . points out of , ahead of Vassily Ivanchuk, Peter Svidler, Alexander Grischuk and many other top grandmasters. In June he won the FIDE Grand Prix in Thessaloniki as a clear first in a field of twelve elite players, among them Fabiano Caruana, Veselin Topalov and Alexander Grischuk. References births Living people Chess grandmasters Cuban sportspeople People from Havana
Gianni Celati ( January – January ) was an Italian writer, translator and literary critic. Celati was born in Sondrio, Italy. His first book, Comiche, was published in . His three novels Le avventure di Guizzardi (), La banda dei sospiri (), and Lunario del paradiso () were later published together in Parlamenti buffi (). Celati translated works by Jonathan Swift, William Gerhardie, Herman Melville, Stendhal, Louis Ferdinand Céline, Mark Twain, Roland Barthes, Jack London, Henri Michaux and Georges Perec. Celati died in Brighton, England from problems caused by a broken hip on January , at the age of . References births deaths Deaths from fractured hip Italian writers Italian critics Translators
Drôme () is a French department in southeastern France in the Auvergne Rhône Alpes region and named after the Drôme river. Its prefecture is the city of Valence. History Drôme is one of the French departments made during the French revolution, on March . it was made with part of the old French province of Dauphiné. It was divided in districts. Romans, Valence, Die, Buis, Montélimar,and Crest. The capital was Chabeuil but in the same year the capital was moved to Valence. With the creation of the arrondissements, the districts became four arrondissements. Valence, Die, Montélimar and Nyons. In , the arrondissement of Montélimar was eliminated. Geography Drôme is part of the Auvergne Rhône Alpes region, in southeastern France, with an area of . The department borders with other departments in regions. Provence Alpes Côte d'Azur Hautes Alpes (east) Alpes de Haute Provence (southeast) Vaucluse (south) Auvergne Rhône Alpes Ardèche (west) Isère ( north and east) There are natural regions in Drôme. they are, from north to south. A region with hills. The plain of Valence to the west. The Vercors Massif to the east. The central part of the department formed by the valley of the Drôme river and the highest mountains in the department. The Drôme provençale to the south. The highest point in the department is Rocher Rond, (). It is high it is on the border with the Hautes Alpes department. The main rivers of Drôme are. Rhône, in the western part of the department. in the department, it is only long. Drôme river, a tributary of the Rhône. Isère river, another tributary of the Rhône. Climate The climate of the Drôme department, in the city of Valence, is an oceanic climate, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification. The average temperature for the year in Valence, at an altitude of , is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of . The average amount of precipitation for the year in Valence is . The month with the most precipitation on average is September with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of . Administration Drôme is part of the region of Auvergne Rhône Alpes. The department is managed by the Departamental Council of the Drôme in Valence. Administrative divisions There are arrondissements (districts), cantons and communes (municipalities) in Drôme. The following is a list of the cantons of the Drôme department (with their INSEE codes), in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March . Bourg de Péage () Crest () Dieulefit () Le Diois () Drôme des collines () Grignan () Loriol sur Drôme () Montélimar () Montélimar () Nyons et Baronnies () Romans sur Isère () Saint Vallier () Tain l'Hermitage () Le Tricastin () Valence () Valence () Valence () Valence () Vercors Monts du Matin () Demographics The inhabitants of Drôme are known, in French, as Drômois (women. Drômoises). Drôme has a population, in , of ,, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The arrondissement of Valence, with , inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Nyons and Die, have respectively , and , inhabitants. The city with more people living in it is the capital, Valence (, inhabitants). The subprefectures of Nyons and Die have, respectively, , and , inhabitants. Evolution of the population in Drôme The most important cities in the department are. Gallery Related pages Arrondissements of the Drôme department Communes of the Drôme department References Other websites Departamental Council website Prefecture website Drôme Tourisme Departments in Auvergne Rhône Alpes
Kiffis is a commune. It is found in the Haut Rhin department of eastern France. Communes in Haut Rhin
Michael Tindall ( April – August ) was an English former professional footballer. He was best known for his career with Aston Villa. His playing position was wing half. Tindall started his career at South Birmingham Boys. He moved to Walsall for a short time before dropping into the non League to play for Tamworth. Tindall played for the England youth team but never represented the senior side. Tindall died on August from dementia related problems, aged . References English footballers births deaths Deaths from dementia Sportspeople from Birmingham
Bruce Hill (July ,  – May , ) was an American former stock car racing driver. He was born Topeka, Kansas. He competed in the Winston Cup Series, ARCA, and in the NASCAR West Series. He also competed in late model races around his hometown of Topeka later in life. Hill died in due to complications from esophageal cancer at his Topeka home at the age of . References Other websites Bruce Hill statistics at Racing Reference.info births deaths Deaths from esophageal cancer NASCAR drivers Sportspeople from Kansas People from Topeka, Kansas
Bais is a commune of people (). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. Communes in Mayenne
Xerophiles are extremophile organisms that can grow and reproduce in conditions with almost no water. Many moulds and yeasts are xerophilic. Mould growth on bread is an example of food spoilt by a xerophilic fungus. Examples. Trichosporonoides nigrescens. Cacti are also a type of xerophile. Tardigrades can survive for almost a decade without exposure to water. Soil microbes of the Atacama Desert Related pages Xerophyte References Extremophiles Ecology
Ghoti is an artificial word used to illustrate irregularities in English spelling. It is a respelling of the word fish. i.e., it is supposed to be pronounced /ˈfɪʃ/. It is made of these phonemes. gh, pronounced /f/ as in tough /tʌf/. o, pronounced /ɪ/ as in women /ˈwɪmɪn/. and ti, pronounced /ʃ/ as in nation /ˈneɪʃən/. Using the same method, ghoti can be a silent word, where. gh as in though. here, and in the next examples, the bold letters are not pronounced. o as in people. t as in ballet or mortgage. i as in business In fact, ghoti is likely to be spontaneously pronounced [goʊtaɪ] or [gəʊtaɪ] (like "go" + "tie"), or [goʊti] ("go" + "tea"), but certainly not like "fish" since . gh is never pronounced [f] (cf. "ghost") at the beginning of a word neither ti is pronounced [ʃ] at the end of a word. Spelling in English is discussed in orthography. Words
Conducting in music means beating time to help a group of musicians to sing or play well together. If an orchestra is playing music, it is important that they all play exactly together. They need to know exactly when to start, what tempo (speed) to go, how loud or quietly to play, and what the mood of the music should be. If a small number of people play music together (like in a chamber orchestra), they can talk about this amongst themselves. One person can nod with his/her head or with the bow of a string instrument to help the group to start and finish together. With larger orchestras, such as a symphony orchestra, there are so many people (almost a hundred of them in some cases) that they need a separate person to lead. This person is called the conductor. History In the th century, orchestras were usually small enough that they did not need a conductor. Often they were directed by the keyboard player or lead violinist. But as orchestras grew in size and began using a wider variety of instruments, it became a convention of having someone who was not playing any instrument to stand, facing the orchestra, as the director or conductor. One early conductor was the French composer Jean Baptiste Lully ( ), who beat time by banging a big stick (like a walking stick) on the floor to the time of the music. One day he banged his stick so hard, it went through his foot, and he died of gangrene. Conducting as we know it today had become normal by the th century. The composer Felix Mendelssohn ( ) was known to be a very good conductor as well. Some conductors in Victorian times behaved like they wanted to show off. At around the same time, Louis Antoine Jullien ( ) was a French conductor who wore white gloves, which were presented to him on a silver tray at the start of the concert. He dressed in expensive clothes and his long black hair waved all over the place as he conducted. He was very successful, in France at first, in the UK afterwards, and then even in the US, where he worked with the showman P.T. Barnum. His concerts were a mix of dance and "classical" music, always with the best musicians. His life was so strange that a biography (in French) has been published (). The British conductor Sir Henry Wood ( ), who was famous for conducting The Proms, was a well liked man who was respected and loved by orchestras and audiences. Technique of conducting Conductors usually beat time with their right hand. This leaves their left hand free to show the various instruments when they come in (when they start playing) and to give interpretative gestures, such as indicating when to play louder or softer, or faster or slower. Most conductors have a stick called a “baton”. It makes it easier for people at the back of large orchestras or choirs to see the beat. Other conductors, such as those who lead singers, prefer not to use a baton. A conductor stands on a small platform called a “rostrum”. To be a good conductor is not easy. It is not just a question of giving a steady beat. A good conductor will know the music extremely well, understand how the composer wanted the music to sound, be able to figure out the technical details, and know how to be able to work with the orchestra to create great music everyone would want to listen to. Having good communication skills would help a lot, but some conductors speak very little during their rehearsals. They make everything clear through the way they conduct. Famous conductors Some of the most famous conductors of the past were. Gustav Mahler, Hans Richter, Arthur Nikisch, Arturo Toscanini, Bruno Walter, Wilhelm Furtwängler, Herbert von Karajan, Leopold Stokowski, Georg Solti, John Barbirolli, Otto Klemperer, George Szell and Leonard Bernstein. Some of the most famous conductors today are. Marin Alsop, Riccardo Chailly, Gustavo Dudamel, Sir Simon Rattle, Andris Nelsons, Valery Gergiev and Bernard Haitink. Titles The main conductor who is in charge of an orchestra is often given the title "musical director". This will usually mean that he or she has a lot of power in the organization of the orchestra, such as choosing the music that will be performed at each concert or inviting soloists to perform with the orchestra. Orchestras may give honorary titles to their conductor, such as "conductor laureate". A "guest conductor" is one who conducts an orchestra regularly, but is not the main conductor. Typically, he or she would be invited by the main conductor to conduct a performance now and then. An "assistant conductor" will often be a young conductor who helps the main conductor and gets the chance to conduct some of the concerts. Leonard Bernstein became famous in as the assistant conductor of the New York Philharmonic when he led a concert, which was being broadcast nationally on CBS Radio, without having time to prepare for it. He would be the main director of that orchestra from to . References Music
Elizabeth Virginia Truman (née Wallace. February , — October , ) was the First Lady of the United States from April , to January , as the wife of the rd President of the United States, Harry S. Truman. She had also served as Second Lady of the United States from January to April when her husband was th Vice President of the United States under Franklin Roosevelt. Early life Her birthplace was Independence, Missouri, and her birth name was Elizabeth Virginia. Her parents were Margaret ("Madge") Gates and David Wallace. Her nickname was "Bessie." Harry Truman’s family came to live in Independence, Missouri in . Elizabeth Virginia and Harry Truman attended the same school from fifth grade through high school. Once Truman remembered her childhood days, and described her as a girl with “golden curls” and “the most beautiful blue eyes.” After completing her schooling, she studied in Miss Barstow's Finishing School for Girls in Kansas City, Missouri. Her father died in . She returned to Independence, Missouri to live with her mother. Marriage and family By the outbreak of the First World War, Harry S Truman had become a Lieutenant. He proposed to her and she accepted. After their engagement, Lieutenant Truman left for the battlefields of France in . After the War ended, they married on June , . In , their only daughter, Margaret Truman, was born. Before that, she had many miscarriages. By this time, Harry Truman had become active in politics. Mrs. Truman always traveled with her and shared the public platform with her husband. Harry Truman became a member of the United States Senate in . The Truman couple came to live in Washington, DC. In , Harry Truman became the Vice President of the United States of America. When President Franklin Delano Roosevelt died on April , , Harry Truman became the president of the United States. Elizabeth Virginia Wallace Truman became the First Lady. First Lady of the United States When Harry Truman became the President of the United States, Truman took the role of the First Lady. But, she felt the absence of privacy in the White House. She continued to attend to social functions, but to a minimum level. Sometimes, people compare her with Eleanor Roosevelt, who was the First Lady before her. Mrs. Roosevelt was very active in the press. But, Mrs. Truman did give only one press conference. She got the questions in advance. Her replies were written replies. When one reporter asked her whether she wanted her daughter, Margaret, to become President. Her reply was. "most definitely not". To a question, she replied that after her husband’s retirement as President, she wanted to "return to Independence". However, once she had thought of living in Washington after . Later life After the President retired, the Truman couple returned to Independence, Missouri, in . Truman spent his time building his library. In , Mrs. Truman underwent an operation. In , her husband died. She continued to live a quiet and private life. Her daughter and son in law, Clifton Daniel, and their four sons, often visited her. She died in . She lies buried beside her husband in the courtyard of Harry S Truman Library. She lived up to the age of years, and at the time of her death, she was the longest lived First Lady of the United States, setting a record, which still stands today. births deaths First Ladies of the United States People from Independence, Missouri Second Ladies of the United States Harry S. Truman
Applied behavior analysis (ABA) is a way to help organisms change their behavior, and to identify the environmental contingencies that result in this behavior change. ABA, the application of behavior analysis, is based on the scientific approach known as radical behaviorism, which views covert events as behavior that are to be subjected to the same conditions as overt behavior. ABA can be used as a treatment for animals, mental disorders, and developmental disabilities, and is based on the principles of behavior that were discovered using experiments. History Scientific experiments and articles about ABA are published in the Journal for Applied Behavior Analysis (JABA.) This journal was founded in . In the first issue of JABA, three people wrote an article explaining what Applied behavior analysis is. Psychologists who study the way the environment influences behavior are called behaviorists. They study the external causes of behavior instead of a person's feelings. A person's feelings are internal so behaviorists think they cannot be studied scientifically. Psychologist John B. Watson founded Behaviorism in and he is regarded as one of the first psychologists to study the applied science of behavior. He thought that internal feelings should not be studied at all. He also thought that behavior is shaped by the environment over time due to the outcome of a person's actions. He believed all behavior is learned and can be changed. If a person gets something good as a result of doing a behavior they are more likely to repeat that behavior. If something bad happens as a result of a behavior a person is less likely to do that thing again. This is an idea that is used a lot in ABA. One of the most famous behaviorists was the psychologist B.F. Skinner. Skinner first published his ideas about behaviorism in . He wrote a lot about behaviorism throughout his career. He made some of the behavior principles that ABA uses. ABA emerged when experimental behavior principles were applied to social behavior. There are various people that began the process of applying these principles to social behavior. One of the most famous was Ole Ivar Lovaas. In the s, Lovaas became one of the first people to use applied behavior analysis as a treatment for autism. When Lovaas began using ABA to treat children with autism he changed the way developmental disorders were treated. Lovaas also thought that treatments would be more successful if they are started early in a child's life. The idea of starting treatment with a child as soon as possible is called 'early intervention'. Early intervention is still thought to be very important in ABA. One of the more recent developments in Applied Behavior Analysis is the founding of the Behavior Analysis Certification Board (BACB). The BACB is a non profit corporation that was started in . The BACB certifies behavior analysts. In order to become a behavior analyst a person must go to a special school and then pass an exam. Once they pass this exam they will be board certified behavior analysts. The BACB sets standards to make sure board certified behavior analysts (BCBAs) are good at their jobs. The BACB makes sure that the BCBAs are using ethical, legal, and professional practices when they work. Characteristics There are seven characteristics of ABA A treatment that is based on ABA must have all of these things. Applied. This means that the behavior being studied must be socially important. Socially important behavior is behavior that happens in everyday life. Behavioral. A behavior is anything that a person does. Feelings are not studied because they are internal so they cannot be measured. ABA treatments measure rates of behavior. Analytic. For behavior to be analytic a behavior analyst has to have control over it. This means they have to be able to make the behavior happen at certain times. The data from before the experimental variable is applied is called baseline data. Technological. The word technological is used to describe the amount of explanation necessary for a treatment. A behavioral intervention must be explained very well. If an intervention is not explained well it is not technological. Conceptually systematic. For an ABA treatment to be conceptually systematic it must be related to behavior principles that are already known. Using principles that are already known makes ABA more effective. Effective. This means that behavioral interventions must produce good results to be used in ABA. The purpose of applied interventions is to improve an aspect of social behavior. Generality. This is used to show how meaningful a behavior change is. A behavior change has high generality if. The change keeps happening for a long time after the intervention is over The change happens in different environments The change causes a change in other behaviors Definitions and concepts The following terms and ideas are used in Applied Behavior Analysis. It is important to understand these ideas when using ABA based interventions. Problem behavior In ABA, a behavior that is bad is called a problem behavior. Problem behavior is something that hurts the person doing it or hurts other people around them. A problem behavior makes it harder for a person to learn new things. Operant behavior is the opposite of respondent behavior. Operant behavior is voluntary and can be changed. A person has control over their own operant behavior. They decide which behaviors they want to do. Respondent behavior cannot be controlled like operant behavior. ABA studies operant behavior more than respondent because it can be controlled. If a behavior can be controlled then it can be changed. Three term contingency is a concept for understanding operant behavior that was first used by B.F. Skinner. It is still used in ABA. The three term contingency says that every behavior has an antecedent and a consequence. An antecedent is what happens right before the behavior. The antecedent can change the chance that a behavior will happen. Some antecedents make a behavior more likely to happen. Other antecedents make a behavior less likely to happen. The consequence is what happens after the behavior. It is the response to the behavior. ABC data can be used to find things that may be causing behavior. Then these causes can be tested using experimental variables. An operational definition tells people exactly what a target behavior looks like. The target behavior is the behavior that is trying to be changed. The operational definition of the target behavior needs to be very good. People that have not seen the target behavior before should be able to tell when it happens based only on the operational definition. A good operational definition makes the study of behavior better. Reinforcement. When something increases the likelihood of a response happening again it is called a reinforcement. A reinforcement is often thought of as a reward. A reward is anything that is given after a response happens. A reward can only be a reinforcement if it increases the rate of response in the future. If it does not increase the rate of response then it is not a reinforcement. All reinforcers do not work for all people. So it is important to try different types of reinforcers to find out what works best for a person. Primary reinforcers are reinforcers that fill a biological need. The four primary reinforcers are food, water, warmth and sex. Reinforcers that do not fill biological needs are called secondary reinforcers. Secondary reinforcers are not naturally reinforcing. A person needs to learn that they are reinforcing. They learn that they are reinforcing because they are paired with other things that are known to be reinforcing. They are also called conditioned reinforcers. A discriminative stimulus (SD) is something that tells a person that reinforcement is available. The presentation of a SD should cause a response. Positive reinforcement Positive reinforcement (SR+) is when the addition of a stimulus leads to an increase in responding. There are four different types of positive reinforcement. Tangible reinforcers are things that can be held. Toys or food would be tangible reinforcers. Tangible reinforcers can be expensive. They should not be the first choice for positive reinforcement. Social reinforcement is one of the best types of positive reinforcement. It is good because it is not expensive. It is also easy to use. Social reinforcers are things that have social value or meaning. Examples of social reinforcers would be awards, praise, or compliments. Social reinforcement can be very effective. Activity reinforcers are any events that a person can earn. Examples of some activities would be getting to play games, go to the movies, or earning a break. Activity reinforcers can work really well if the person really wants to earn the activity. But activity reinforcers may not be able to be earned right after the behavior happens. This would result in a delay of reinforcement. The reinforcer will be less effective if it is given a long time after the behavior happens. Token reinforcers are any neutral stimulus that can be traded for an object or activity. The objects or activities they can trade tokens for are known as back up reinforcers. The tokens do not have value by themselves. They are only valuable because the person knows that they can trade them for something they want to earn. Negative reinforcement Negative reinforcement (SR ) happens when the removal of a stimulus increases the likelihood a person will do a behavior in the future. In this case the term negative does not mean bad. The stimulus that is removed from the environment is something aversive. This means that the person does not like it. People will want to do a behavior if they know that something they do not like will be taken away. Reinforcement schedules Reinforcements are given based on schedules of reinforcement. The schedule will explain the ways reinforcement is earned. Behavior analysts decide which reinforcement schedule is best. Different schedules are useful for different things. The schedule used depends on the person. It also depends on the behavior that is being reinforced. Continuous reinforcement schedules Continuous reinforcement schedules (CRF) reinforce a person every time they do the target behavior. There are a few problems with CRF schedules though. The rates of behavior are not long lasting. If the person stops being reinforced they may stop doing the target behavior. Another issue is satiation. If the person becomes satiated it means that they do not want the reinforcer anymore. Intermittent reinforcement schedules These schedules of reinforcement only reinforce the target behavior sometimes. The four most common types of intermittent schedules are. Fixed ratio schedules (FR) give reinforcement after a certain number of responses. Variable ratio schedules. With variable ratio (VR) schedules the amount of responses needed for reinforcement changes. The number of responses needed for reinforcement will be different every time. Fixed interval schedules. With fixed interval (FI) schedules reinforcement is delivered for the first response that happens after a fixed amount of time passes. Variable interval schedules (VI) give reinforcement after an variable amount of time passes. Differential reinforcement A discriminative stimulus (SD) is something that tells a person that reinforcement is available. The presentation of a SD should cause a response. Differential reinforcement teaches a person the difference between a SD and a non discriminative stimulus (S delta). A SD signals that reinforcement is available. A S delta does not tell the person anything about the availability of reinforcement. A S delta is not likely to produce responses because there is reinforcement is not given. It is also used to decrease problem behavior. There are four types of differential reinforcement that can be used to decrease a problem behavior. DRL stands for differential reinforcement of a "low rate" of response. DRL is helpful when trying to decrease a behavior but not get rid of it completely. DRO stands for differential reinforcement of "other" behavior. With DRO, a person gets a reinforcer if they do not do the problem behavior for a set amount of time. DRI stands for differential reinforcement of "incompatible" behavior. A DRI program reinforces behavior that is incompatible with the problem behavior. An incompatible behavior would stop them from being able to do the problem behavior. DRA stands for differential reinforcement of "alternative" behavior. For a DRA program the person is taught an alternative behavior that they can do instead of the problem behavior. Extinction Extinction is a way to decrease rates of problem behavior. A DRA program should be used at the same time as an extinction program. This will make the extinction program more effective. Punishment Reinforcement is always the first thing that is tried when trying to change a behavior. Reinforcement produces long lasting results and is better for the person. However reinforcement does not always reduce problem behavior. If reinforcement does not work it may be necessary to try punishment. Punishment is effective but it can have bad consequences. It can cause emotional harm if it is not used correctly. Punishment is any response to a behavior that "decreases" the likelihood of a behavior happening in the future. Punishment of a problem behavior should be used with reinforcement of the appropriate behavior. Appropriate behavior should always be reinforced even when using punishment for problem behavior. Just like reinforcement, punishment can be both positive and negative. Positive punishment is the addition of an stimulus that decreases the chances of future responses. This stimulus that is added is something aversive. Negative punishment is the removal of a stimulus that decreases the chance of future behaviors happening. The stimulus that is removed is something that the person likes. Prompting Prompting increases the likelihood that a behavior will be done the right way. Using prompts will make the learning process easier and quicker. Someone that is teaching a new behavior can use prompts to help the person that is learning the behavior. The two broad categories of prompts are stimulus and response. Examples of stimulus prompts would be. lists or pictures that help the learner remember what the correct response is. Response prompts do not involve a change in the antecedent. There are three types of response prompts. The first type is verbal prompts. The second type of response prompt is a gestural prompt. The most common gestural prompt is pointing to the correct response. The third type of response prompt is a physical prompt. A physical prompt is when the teacher touches the learner in order to help them perform the correct behavior. Physical prompts are often used when teaching new skills that involve movement of the body. Fading Fading prompts is a way to increase the independence of the learner. Once the learner can do the behavior on their own they will not need the help of the teacher. However, if a teacher stops using prompts quickly it may confuse the learner. So prompts should be decreased slowly. The process of gradually decreasing prompting is called 'fading'. Shaping Shaping is a way to teach new behaviors or improve behaviors that have already been taught. It involves reinforcing steps towards a target behavior. Chaining Complex behaviors are made up of smaller simple behaviors. This is what the concept of behavior chains is based on. A behavior chain is when smaller behaviors are combined to form a complex behavior. These smaller behaviors are done in a certain order. Each of the smaller behaviors is a step in the behavior chain. Each step in a behavior chain is a response on its own. There are three different ways to teach a behavior chain. Forward chaining is the most common way to teach a behavior chain. The chain is taught starting with the first step. Once the learners can do the first step they move on to the second step. This continues until they have completed all of the steps. Backward chaining is the opposite of forward chaining. With backward chaining the last step is taught to the learners first. Once they can do the last step they move on to the second to last step. This continues until they make it to the first step. Total task presentation is the third way to teach a behavior chain. With forward and backward chaining only one step in the behavior chain is taught at one time. But with total task the learner completes every step in the chain every time they do the program. They should complete every step in the correct order. Total task requires the learner know how to do all of the steps in the chain before they start the program. Analyzing behavior ABA relies on data to make decisions about behavior. Behavior analysts are always collecting data about a person's behavior. Data collection Direct observation is when behavior is watched and recorded. Indirect measures compare one person's behavior to other people's behavior. An example would be an intelligence test. One person's score is compared to the scores that other people got. There are three common methods of data collection. They are frequency, interval, and time sampling. These methods are used for direct observation. Frequency is how often a behavior happens. So frequency recording just counts the number of times a behavior happens. Interval recording breaks the observation time into smaller pieces. The total time is divided into smaller intervals. If the behavior happens at any time during one of the smaller intervals it is recorded. Time sampling methods are a little different from frequency and interval methods. The observer will only look to see if the behavior is happening every once in a while. If the behavior is happening when the observers looks it gets recorded. But if the behavior happens any other time it does not get recorded. So the behavior is only recorded sometimes. Functional analysis A functional analysis (FA) is done to find the reason for problem behavior. The reason for problem behavior must be known before a behavioral intervention can be done. Behavior analysts came up with the idea of a functional analysis in . Since then it has become an important part of ABA. The behavior analyst is tries to find the situations that cause the highest rates of problem behavior. The situations that cause the highest rates of problem behavior tell the behavior analyst the reason for the behavior. Once the reasons for problem behavior are known treatment can begin. Treatments based on the results of a FA are more effective than without a FA. Use for treatment of autism Applied behavior analysis is commonly associated with autism. This is because ABA is the only treatment for autism that has been scientifically proven to be effective. References Human behavior Psychology
Jeannette is a city in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. Jeannette was founded in . The city got its name from one of the original city fathers, who wished to honor his wife by giving the new town her first name. Jeannette. The city celebrated its th anniversary in July . The population was , according to the census. References Cities in Pennsylvania
is the name of the a Japanese artificial satellite which was put into orbit in . The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo. The satellite was launched on July , . References Other websites Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), Suzaku (ASTRO EII) mission profile Japanese space program Satellites
Concerned Women for America is a conservative Christian activist group in the United States. It is against abortion, sex education, contraception, feminism, pornography, stem cell research, and LGBT rights. CWA was founded by Beverly LaHaye, the wife of Christian minister Timothy LaHaye around as a response to activities from the National Organization for Women and a Barbara Walters interview with the feminist Betty Friedan. The president and CEO is Penny Young Nance. Christian organizations based in the United States Political organizations based in the United States establishments in the United States
"I Want You Back" is a single by The Jackson . It was The Jackson 's first release on Motown. It reached number one in the United States. It has sold six million copies. In Michael Jackson, the main singer of The Jackson , died. The song went back into the charts in the United Kingdom, Sweden, Ireland, Finland, and Australia. References songs
Peter Doig (born April ) is a Scottish painter. He lived in Canada and lives in Trinidad and Tobago since . He is one of the most important living figurative painters. His works are some of the most expensive in the modern art market. births Living people Scottish painters
Courteney Bass Cox (born June , ) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Monica on the television series Friends and for her role in the movie Scream and its sequels. Cox married David Arquette between seasons and of Friends, and changed her name to Courteney Cox Arquette. She later changed it back in honor of her parents. Early life Courteney Cox was raised in Mountain Brook, Alabama, a suburb of Birmingham. She is the daughter of businessman Richard Lewis Cox (January , – September , ) and his wife Courteney (née Bass, later Copeland). She has two older sisters, Virginia and Dottie, and an older brother, Richard, Jr. Her parents divorced in and her mother then married businessman Hunter Copeland (uncle to music promoter and business manager Ian Copeland). After graduating from Mountain Brook High School, Cox left for Mount Vernon College in Washington, D.C., but did not complete her architecture course. She instead pursued a career in modeling and acting. Cox is of English, Scottish, Welsh, Irish and German ancestry. Marriage and family In , Cox began dating actor David Arquette. The couple married on June , . They have one child together, a daughter named Coco Riley Arquette (born June , ). Coco's godmother is family friend Jennifer Aniston. Cox had seven miscarriages between and November . She and her husband separated on December , . Arquette filed for divorce on June , . References Other websites Courteney Cox at Tv.com births Living people Actors from Birmingham, Alabama American movie actors American television actors Arquette family
Smoky is a American western movie directed by George Sherman. It is the third adaptation of the novel Smoky the Cowhorse by Will James. It stars Fess Parker, Diana Hyland, Hoyt Axton, Katy Jurado, Roy Jenson, Chuck Robertson, Robert J. Wilke and was distributed by th Century Fox. Other websites movies s western movies American western movies Movies based on books Movies directed by George Sherman th Century Fox movies Movies about horses
Joué l'Abbé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. Communes in Sarthe
Wismoyo Arismunandar ( February – January ) was an Indonesian high ranking Army officer. He was Army Chief of Staff from to and Commander of Army Strategic Command from to . Arismunandar was born in Bondowoso, Dutch East Indies. Arismunandar died on January in Jakarta, Indonesia at the age of . References births deaths Indonesian people Generals Asian military people
Ouaddaï was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of Ouaddaï was Abéché. Since , Chad is divided into regions. Prefectures of Chad
Yippee is a documentary movie created by Jewish American director Paul Mazursky. The movie follows a Jewish pilgrimage to the town of Uman in the Ukraine on Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year. The city is the burial site of the founder of Bratslav Hasidism, Rabbi Nachman. Other websites Haaretz.com Hollywood director films Jewish pilgrimage to the Ukraine Judaism movies Documentary movies English language movies Movies directed by Paul Mazursky
Yo La Tengo is an American rock band. They formed in . They play on the radio station WFMU in Jersey City, New Jersey. establishments in the United States s American music groups s American music groups s American music groups s American music groups American rock bands Musical groups established in Musical groups from New Jersey
Sergio Arellano Stark ( June – March ) was a Chilean military officer. He led the so called “Caravan of Death". It killed many Chileans from helicopters and established Augusto Pinochet’s hold on power. He was born in Santiago, Chile. Stark died in Santiago, Chile on March from complications of Alzheimer's disease. He was aged . References births deaths Chilean military people Deaths from Alzheimer's disease Disease related deaths in Chile Generals People from Santiago
Matthew Julius "Mat" Taylor (born January ), better known by his stage name Techmoan, is a YouTuber and blogger who has been active since May , featuring reviews of consumer electronics (or consumer tech) and "RetroTech" documentaries. He lives in Wigan, Greater Manchester. The Daily Telegraph and Gizmodo has quoted his statements. MarketWatch listed the YouTube Channel th in its "binge watching" top ten using ratings on Reddit. Websites such as AVclub, Gizmodo, Hackaday, El Español and Popular Mechanics reference his videos. Career In , Taylor started a YouTube channel called "Vectrexuk", with videos of similar items of technology, such as installing a home cinema and controlled toasters, to prove people will watch anything on YouTube. The channel "Techmoan" was started on May , . The first video uploaded on Techmoan was a tour of a Piaggio MP, which was filmed at p and had a very basic sound quality. In , he started another channel, called "Youtube Pedant", to host videos not about technology. In , in a video covering the DVHS format, he uncovered p video footage of New York City from . This footage was uploaded separately to his "Youtube Pedant" channel where, as of December , it has gotten . million views, and it has also been widely shared on websites such as Reddit and The Verge. As of June , the main channel has over , subscribers and over million views. Some videos on the main channel have had over million views. Later documentary videos Techmoan has made documentary videos that are about forgotten magnetic tape recording formats, such as the OMNI Entertainment System, which uses track tape storage, and the HiPac, a successor of the PlayTape and related uses of it. Other videos show some of the smallest and largest analog recording tape cartridges ever made, such as the Picocassette for dictation machines or the Cantata background music system. Further videos show other discontinued ¼ inch tape cartridge formats, such as the Sabamobil, which uses existing inch open reels in a portable format, and the portable Sanyo Micro Pack , as well as RCA tape cartridge and the Sony Elcaset with another compromise of playtime and sound quality, oddities and gimmicks on Compact Cassettes as "reinventing the reel", several ways of autoreverse, automatic multiple cassette players, endless loop cassettes, and cassette mass production technology. Other documentary videos Techmoan has made are about formats of vinyl recording, such as the Tefifon endless cartridge, the Seeburg background music system, vertical turntables, and other audio encodings CX and dbx, which are systems that were designed to reduce noise on vinyl records. Further documentaries show other items, such as the mechanical Curta calculator, devices with Nixie tube displays, wire recording, and the WikiReader. References Other websites Techmoan YouTube Channel Techmoan Website Techmoan Not the th Anniversary Show with an about introduction births Living people YouTubers
Francisco Castro is a football player. He plays for Aves. Portuguese footballers births Living people
José Cardoso Dutra ( July – January ) was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement and later the Brazilian Labour Party. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Amazonas from to and again from to . He then was in the Chamber of Deputies from to . Cardoso Dutra was born in Barreirinha, Brazil. Cardoso Dutra died from cardiac arrest in Brasília, Brazil on January , at the age of . References births deaths Deaths from cardiac arrest Brazilian politicians
"No Diggity" is a new jack swing and rhythm and blues song by Blackstreet. The song reached # in the United States and in New Zealand. The song contains rap verses inside it. The rap verses were performed by Teddy Riley and Dr. Dre. References songs R&B songs Billboard Rhythmic Songs number one singles
The M Browning machine gun was a . Springfield light machine gun that mostly replaced the M during World War II. It was one of the earliest air cooled machine guns. It overheated more quickly than the M, which was water cooled, but it was much lighter. It fired slowly enough so that a soldier who was well trained in shooting in bursts would not overheat the gun. The M was well known for being powerful, accurate, and reliable. . mm firearms Medium machine guns Machine guns of the United States Light machine guns
A genetic fallacy is a kind of fallacy where something or someone is judged by its past or its origin rather than what it is in the present. An example of genetic fallacy is the argument, "people who own Volkswagens are evil because Volkswagen is a car company that was created by the Nazi Party." Just because the Nazi Party did create Volkswagen does not mean the Volkswagen Group today (or even people that buy Volkswagen cars) support or promote the ideas or values of Nazism. Logical fallacies
Taleh (, ) is a city in Sool, Somalia. It was the final capital of the Daraawiish. The first Daraawiish capital was in Dareema Caddo near Buuhoodle. References Settlements in Somalia
Betty Davis (July , – February , ) was an American funk soul singer, famous in the s. She was married to the star of Jazz Miles Davis, from where she took her surname. Davis died on February , at her home in Homestead, Pennsylvania from cancer at the age of . References Other websites The Sound of Young America. Betty Davis Interview – June , . Betty Davis gives her first radio interview in years. Betty Davis. Betty Davis – Album review births deaths Singers from North Carolina American funk singers American soul singers People from Durham, North Carolina Writers from North Carolina Singer songwriters from New York City Cancer deaths in Pennsylvania
Rhyolite is a very strong igneous, volcanic rock. German geologist Ferdinand von Richthofen named the rock. Igneous rocks
The flag of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines was created in October . Appearance It has a vertical tricolour of blue, gold (double width) and green with three green diamonds arranged in the "V" pattern centred on the gold band, which represent the Grenadine Islands which fall under the government of Saint Vincent. These diamonds recall Saint Vincent as the "gems of the Antilles". Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Public houses (better known as pubs) are businesses that serve alcoholic drinks such as beer, cider and ale, and usually also non alcoholic drinks such as lemonade, cola, tea, and coffee to be consumed within the limits of the public house. They are subject to the licensing laws of the country. They may be closed down if not properly conducted. Many pubs also sell food such as fish and chips and meat pies. Pubs are found in English speaking countries such as England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, Canada, Australia and the United States. In villages and small towns in many parts of England, Wales, Ireland and Scotland, pubs are the centre of community life. Some pubs hire bands or singers to entertain customers. If the pub has rooms where people can sleep at night, it is usually called an inn. Ownership and staffing Public houses may be owned and operated in different ways. Breweries may own a number of pubs themselves. Pubs may be run as franchises by large catering companies. However they are owned, a pub will be managed by a "landlord" or "landlady". Employees do different jobs to provide good service. Bartenders (also called "barmen" or "barmaids") serve drinks at the bar. In most pubs, the customer orders the drinks at the bar and waits for them to be prepared, then carries the drinks back to the tables or area of seating. In some types of pubs may sit at the bar or remain standing with their drinks. Some pubs hire servers, called waiters or waitresses, to bring drinks to people who are sitting at tables or in chairs. Some pubs also hire people to take away empty bottles and glasses, though commonly the bartenders will do this as well. Pubs that serve food have cooks, dishwashers, and servers to prepare, cook, and serve the food. Bands and singers who entertain customers during the evening are not usually employees of the pub. Instead, the pub signs a contract with these entertainers, in which the entertainer promises to come to the pub on a specified day or night, in return for a sum of money. Comparison with nightclubs Another type of business that serves alcohol is the nightclub. Like pubs, some nightclubs also serve food and have bands or singers as entertainers. Most people go to nightclubs because they enjoy the music and dancing. However, nightclubs often have a much wider selection of alcoholic drinks than pubs. Most nightclubs sell a number of different brands of spirits, liqueurs, wine, sherry, and aperitifs. The bartenders (also called "barmen" or "barmaids") at nightclubs often make a much larger variety of mixed drinks, or cocktails, than those who work in pubs. Notes Places where alcohol is served Restaurants
"Peter's Two Dads" is the tenth episode of the fifth season of Family Guy. It was first shown on television on February , on the Fox network. . million people watched the episode when it was first shown on television. In the episode, Peter travels to Ireland to find his biological father after he accidentally kills his stepfather at his daughter's birthday party. While this happens, Lois hits Stewie and Stewie wants Lois to hit him more. The episode was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics for it's song "Drunken Irish Dad," at the th Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards. Plot Meg wants to have a birthday party at the house with a band playing, but Peter and Lois do not know how old she is. She calls them jerks because they bought sixteen candles instead of seventeen, her age. She sees that her birthday party has games like Pin the Tail on the Donkey. Peter dresses up as a clown named "Pee Pants the Inebriated Hobo Clown" He shows Meg scarves coming out of his mouth, but he accidentally swallowed some of them and vomits. He also vomits a pair of long johns. Meg asks Lois if she can open her gifts, but Lois sees Stewie opening them. Peter gets drunk and tries to ride a unicycle down the stairs but falls off and crushes his father, Francis Griffin. Francis dies in the hospital and calls Peter "a fat stinking drunk" as his last words. Peter is sad that his father did not like him, so he stops drinking and starts doing crack. Brian tells Peter that doing crack is just as bad as drinking. Peter goes to a hypnotist and learns that Francis was not his biological father. Peter asks his mom, Themla Griffin, and she reveals she had an affair with an Irish man named Mickey McFinnigan and that Mickey is Peter's biological father. Brian and Peter travel to a village in Ireland to find Mickey and learn that he is the town drunk. Being a town drunk is thought to be an honorable position by the people in Ireland. When Peter finds Mickey, Mickey does not believe that Peter is his son. Peter goes outside and sees the ghosts of Yoda, Obi Wan Kenobi, Francis and Hayden Christensen. Francis calls him "a fat stinking drunk" again and gives Peter an idea. Peter challenges Mickey to a drinking contest. Peter wins the contest and Mickey is surprised. He now then believes that Peter is his son because no one but a member of his family could beat him in a drinking contest. Brian says that Francis may not have been Peter's biological father, but he raised him like his own son, Francis did love Peter. Peter accepts this, but still wants to have Mickey as a biological father. Peter, Mickey, and an Irish crowd start singing and dancing to a song called "Drunken Irish Dad." Subplot Lois sees Stewie opening Meg's presents and figures out he is going through a "mine" phase. She later finds Stewie with her jewelry. When she tells Stewie to stop messing with her jewelry, he snaps a pearl necklace of hers. Lois spanks Stewie, causing Stewie to run off and cry. However, he starts to enjoy the thought of being hit, so he causes trouble around the house. Lois does not want to hit him again and Stewie stops when he learns he hears himself begging too much. Feedback A reviewer on Boxxet said "when I checked the schedule and saw the title of this episode was 'Peter's Two Dads,' I was a little torn." He also says that the episode "left me with something of a mixed reaction." and called the episode "well constructed." Seth MacFarlane, creator of Family Guy, said that this episode was one of his favorites, along with "PTV" and "Road to Rhode Island." References television episodes in American television Family Guy (season ) episodes Television episodes about birthdays
Bardock is a Saiyan mercenary and the father of Goku and Raditz. He was given the ability to see the future and tries to protect his planet. Appearances Bardock starts off as a Saiyan mercenary who destroys planets with his wife and teammates. He is the father of Goku and a skilled martial artist. He first appeared on the movie, Bardock son of goku, where he is warned by the Kusannas leader's Power,who he gave Bardock to see his terrible actions. He sees the future and tries to warn everybody about Frieza, but no one believed him. After Kakarot was sent to earth and Raditz on a mission, Bardock and Gine prepare for their planter's destruction but Bardock survived and lands on planet plant where he becomes a hero and the first super Saiyan and kills frieza's ancestor chill in other Media List of dragon Ball franchise Bardock appears in most of the dragon Ball video games and merchandise.
is a Japanese actor. He is known for a main hero of a Japanese TV drama Hanzawa Naoki. Roles Movies Golden Slumber () as Masaharu Aoyagi Television Hanzawa Naoki () as Naoki Hanzawa Sanada Maru () as Sanada Yukimura Other websites Official Website births Living people Japanese movie actors Japanese television actors Japanese voice actors Actors from Hyōgo Prefecture
Dwarf may refer to. Dwarf (mythology), a type of creature from Germanic mythology and folklore Dvergr, creatures in Norse mythology A person or animal with dwarfism Other uses Dwarf planet Dwarf galaxy Related pages Gnome (including many names of plants or animals)
Audrey is a feminine given name of Old English origin. There are many versions of Audrey, including Audie, Audra and Audrea. In the th century, the word "tawdry", meaning "cheap and pretentious", came from the name Saint Audrey. That made use of Audrey decline. However, in the th century, it was revived. It peaked during the interbellum period in the United States. It reached rank # for . Famous people named Audrey include Audrey Hepburn, Audrey Meadows and Audrey Tautou. A hurricane with this name struck the southern United States in June . People Audrey Assad ( ), American contemporary Christian musician Audrey Brown (–), British athlete Audrey Emerton () Audrey Lawson Johnston ( ), last survivor of the shipwreck Lusitania Audrey McLaughlin ( ), Canadian politician, former leader of the New Democratic Party Audrey Meaney ( ) British archaeologist Audrey de Montigny ( ), French Canadian singer Audrey Richards (–), British anthropologist Audrey Terras ( ) American mathematician Audrey Williamson ( ), British athlete Weather Hurricane Audrey, a hurricane that devastated Louisiana Given names
Aigle is the capital of the district of Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The town has a population of , people. References Other websites Official Website of the Commune of Aigle Webcam on the Rue de la Gare Cities in Switzerland Municipalities of Vaud
Rose Marie (born Rose Marie Mazzetta. August , – December , ) was an American actress and comedienne, with a career spanning nine decades. As a child performer she had a successful singing career as Baby Rose Marie. A veteran of vaudeville, her career included film, radio, records, theater, night clubs, and television. Her best known role was Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show. She later portrayed Myrna Gibbons on The Doris Day Show and was also a frequent panelist on Hollywood Squares. She was among the first major stars to be known simply by her first names and is the subject of a documentary film Wait for Your Laugh (), which features interviews from numerous co stars, including Carl Reiner, Dick Van Dyke, Peter Marshall, and Tim Conway. Early life Marie was born Rose Marie Mazetta in New York City, New York on August , . Career At age , Marie started performing under the name Baby Rose Marie. At age , she became a radio star on NBC and made a series of movies. In her teenage years, she was a nightclub and lounge performer in before becoming a radio comedienne. She was billed then as "The Darling of the Airwaves." According to her autobiography Hold the Roses, Marie was assisted in her career by many members of organized crime, including Al Capone and Bugsy Siegel. She performed at the opening night of the Flamingo Hotel which was built by Siegel. Personal life Marie was married to trumpeter Bobby Guy from until his death in . The couple had one daughter, Georgiana. Marie was a feminist. Death On December , , Marie died in her home in Van Nuys, California of natural causes at age . References Other websites births deaths Deaths from natural causes Disease related deaths in Los Angeles American voice actors American movie actors American television actors American stage actors American radio actors American musical theatre actors American autobiographers American feminists American child actors Actors from New York City Comedians from New York City Singers from New York City Writers from New York City
Botetourt County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the census, , people lived there. Its county seat is Fincastle. Virginia counties
The becquerel (symbol Bq) is the SI derived unit of radioactivity, defined as the activity of a quantity of radioactive material in which one nucleus decays per second. A petabecquerel is times a becquerel, s , s for second, dimensionally is it second minus one, i.e. inverse seconds. The unit is named in honor of Henri Becquerel. Other website Curie (unit) Units of measurement
Karur is the administrative headquarters of Karur District in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Karur is the district formed after independence and Located on the banks of River Amaravathi and River Kaveri, it has been ruled, at different times, by the Chera, Vijayanagar Empire, Madurai Nayaks, Hyder Ali, Carnatic kingdom, and the British. It is located at a distance of southwest of the state capital Chennai. Karur is the district located at the "heart" or center of Tamil Nadu. Population Karur had a population of with a sex ratio of , females for every , males, much above the national average of . A total of , were under the age of six, constituting , males and , females. Economy Major industries in Karur include. its exported woven textiles, by hand loom or by power loom the TNPL Tamil Nadu government sponsored paper factory the Chettinad cement factory the EID Parry sugar factory worldwide export of bus body manufacturing The two leading private rating banks have their headquarters in Karur. the Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) and the Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB). Reference Karur district
Tauriac, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France. Communes in Gironde
The People's Treason Council of the Republic of Indonesia (, DPR RI) is one of two elected national legislative assemblies in Indonesia. Together with the Regional Representative Council (Dewan Perwakilan Daerah, DPD), a second chamber with limited powers, it makes up a legislative body, the People's Consultative Assembly (Majelis Permusyawaratan Rakyat, MPR). The house has been controversial due to high levels of fraud and corruption. References Indonesia
The Škoda Felicia was a car produced by Škoda Auto. It replaced the Favorit in with a facelift in . Its successor, Škoda Fabia, was introduced in , but the Felicia still continued until in estate form until it was replaced by the Fabia version. Versions Engines . kW ( hp) and kW ( hp) . kW ( hp) . D kW ( hp) Felicia s automobiles s automobiles
Erode district(formerly Periyar district) is a district in the Kongu Nadu region (western part) of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was the largest district by area in the state before the formation of Tiruppur district and the headquarters of the district is Erode. Periyar district was a part of Coimbatore District before its division into two on September , and was renamed as Erode District in . As of , the district had a population of ,, with a sex ratio of females for every , males, much above the national average of . Bhavani River Bhavani River rises in the Western Ghats of [Silent Valley National Park in Palakkad district of Kerala. It receives the Siruvani River which has the second tastiest water in the world, a perennial stream of Coimbatore District, and gets reinforced by the Kundah river before entering Erode District in Sathyamangalam. EconomyAgriculture is the most important income source of the district. Paddy, plantain, silk, cotton, turmeric, coconut and sugarcane are some of the major products from agriculture and allied industries. With % share, the district is the top turmeric producer in Tamil Nadu. Erode is also known as Turmeric city as it is an important market center for turmeric. Erode district is also the leading producer of plantain, coconuts and white silk in Tamil Nadu. The country's first automated silk reeling unit is located near Gobichettipalayam.In , Bhavani Jamakkalam (Bhavani Bedsheets) was registered as a Geographical Indication by the Government of India. Reference
Cri Cri is a fictional talking cricket. The character was created by Francisco Gabilondo Soler and introduced in on his own musical radio show in Mexico. Cri Cri is known as el grillito cantor, which is Spanish for "the singing cricket". The character was created by Gabilondo Soler when he was a child. It became so famous and gave its author such renown, that it became a second name for Gabilondo. In the mid part of the th century, he became the most recognizable singer of children's songs in Spanish. Gabilondo's dedication to this segment of the population has been greatly admired, comparable to Walt Disney in his honest approach to making life fun for those who are beginning to live it. It was made into a movie that was released on December in Mexico. It was produced by Producciones Carlos Amador. References Other websites Music files and lyrics in Spanish Fictional animals
The Russian Grand Prix () is an annual auto race held at Sochi Autodrom – a street circuit built around Olympic Park in Sochi, Russia, as part of the Formula One World Championship. Winners Repeat winners (drivers) Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season. Repeat winners (constructors) Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season. A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship. Repeat winners (engine manufacturers) Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season. A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship. By year A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship. Formula One Grands Prix
George Glenn Jones (September , – April , ) was an American country music singer known for his long list of hit records, his distinctive voice and phrasing, and his marriage to Tammy Wynette. Jones was born on September , in Saratoga, Texas. He was raised in Vidor, Texas. Jones was married to Dorothy Bonvillion from until they divorced. Then he was married to Shirley Ann Corley from until they divorced in . Then he was married to Tammy Wynette from until they divorced in . Then he was married to Nancy Sepulvado from until his death in . He had four children. Jones died on April , in Nashville, Tennessee from respiratory failure, aged . Discography Singles The Grand Tour Studio albums Grand Ole Opry's New Star () Hits I Missed...And One I Didn't () Related pages List of country musicians from Texas References Other websites Official Website Record Label at the Country Music Hall of Fame births deaths Deaths from respiratory failure Country musicians from Texas Singer songwriters from Texas American guitarists
"Behind the Mask" is a synthpop song by the band Yellow Magic Orchestra. It was written by the band's keyboardist, Ryuichi Sakamoto. It was first produced in for a Seiko advertisement. It was later released in on the band's album Solid State Survivor. English lyrics were added by Chris Mosdell. Michael Jackson sang his own version of it. It was released in , a year after Jackson's death on the album Michael. Jackson's version was released as a single in France. References songs Michael Jackson songs
Basílio do Nascimento Martins ( June – October ) was the East Timorese Roman Catholic Bishop of Baucau from until his death. He was born in Suai, then Portuguese Timor. Nascimento became a priest in . Nascimento died on October at a hospital in Dili, East Timor from a heart attack, aged . References births deaths Deaths from myocardial infarction East Timorese people Roman Catholic bishops
Braniff International Airways was an American airline. The company started in . The first flight was between Oklahoma City and Tulsa, Oklahoma on June . Called the Paul R. Braniff Inc. Airline, it set up service between Oklahoma City and Tulsa three days a week. During World War II it lost half it's fleet to government service. After the war, Braniff began flying to South America. It served Brazil, Argentina, Columbia and Peru. Braniff became the first all jet airline in . After the airline deregulation of , Braniff found the air fare competition cut into profits. The recession had caused fewer passengers. Braniff found itself with too many air routes. With rising interest rates and fuel prices, the company debt became a major problem. Braniff declared bankruptcy in . Its last flight was on May , . Gallery References Airlines of North America establishments in the United States disestablishments in the United States
WWE Raw is a professional wrestling video game developed by Anchor Inc. and published by THQ. The game was titled WWF Raw on the Xbox. The game was released on the Xbox and Microsoft Windows. It was released on February , in North America, September , in the United Kingdom and October , in Japan on the Xbox. The game was released on October , in North America and on November , in the United Kingdom. A sequel was released in called WWE Raw . Reception IGN rated the game a . out of and said "The hardcore fans will get plenty of enjoyment out of the difficult AI, the awesome multiplayer modes and the super deep Create A Wrestler mode.” GameSpot gave the game a . out of and stated "While the game does some things very well, it generally falls short of expectations." References video games Raw Windows games Xbox games
Cullowhee is a census designated place (CDP) in Jackson County, North Carolina, United States. It is located on the Tuckasegee River. , people lived here as of the census. References Census designated places in North Carolina
Gabès Governorate ( ) is one of the twenty four governorates of Tunisia. It is in the southeastern part of the country. It covers an area of  km². As of the census, , people lived there. The capital is Gabès. References establishments in Tunisia Governorates of Tunisia
Michael Leon Wooley (born March , ) is an American actor and singer known for voicing Louis the Alligator from the Disney animated movie The Princess and the Frog and Darkseid from Injustice . Filmography Grand Theft Auto IV () The Princess and the Frog () Grand Theft Auto V () Hotel Transylvania () Injustice () Hotel Transylvania . Summer Vacation () Other websites births African American singers African American stage actors African American voice actors African American movie actors American video game actors Actors from Virginia Singers from Virginia Living people
The Magna Carta was a document that was sealed by King John after negotiations with his barons and their French and Scots allies at Runnymede, Surrey, England in . There they sealed the Great Charter, called in Latin Magna Carta. It established a council of barons to see John keep to the clauses, including access to swift justice, parliamentary assent for taxation, scutage limitations, and protection from illegal imprisonment. Because he was forced to seal the charter, John sought approval to break it, from his spiritual overlord Pope Innocent III. Denouncing it as "not only shameful and demeaning but also illegal and unjust", the Pope agreed. The Magna Carta is still considered one of the most important documents ever written, having inspired the way we view issues of justice and liberty and influenced laws regarding such throughout the world. The Magna Carta has influenced English law right down to the present day. It is one of the most celebrated documents in the History of England. It is recognized as a cornerstone of the idea of the liberty of citizens. Content The Magna Carta contains clauses written in Latin on parchment. Only three of the original clauses in Magna Carta are still law today. One defends the freedom and rights of the English Church, another confirms the liberties customs of the City of London and other towns. This clause (translated) is the main reason the Carta is still famous. "No free man shall be seized, imprisoned, stripped of his rights or possessions, outlawed, exiled. Nor will we proceed with force against him except by the lawful judgement of his equals or by the law of the land. To no one will we sell, to no one deny or delay right or justice". This clause limits the power of rulers, and introduces the idea of lawful process and the idea of a jury. The BBC summarised the main points of the document as. No one is above the law, not even the king. Everyone has a right to a fair trial. No taxation without representation. The BBC said the Magna Carta "established a number of important principles, which have been copied around the world... It inspired the US Constitution and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights". History The origin is in the medieval feudal system, in which the King's word was law. It solved, at the time, a conflict between King John and his main men. the barons and bishops. Dispute grew between the barons and bishops and King John over taxes and disputes with the Pope. The barons chose their time to put John under pressure. John had lost a battle against the French, been excommunicated by the Pope (–), and feared civil war at home. He met the barons at Runnymede, miles south west of London, in June . The negotiation was managed by John's half brother, William Longspée, and Elias of Dereham, steward to the Archbishop of Canterbury, Stephen Langton. The content of the Carta was designed to re balance power between the King and his subjects, but especially between John and the barons. When King John set his seal on Magna Carta he conceded the fundamental principle that even as king he was not above the law. That meant kings would not have as much power as they did before. The Carta also laid down rules of inheritance, and that convictions required some kind of official process. It stated that people had rights not to be unlawfully imprisoned. In other words, the king is bound to rule within the law. Thirteen original copies of the Carta were made and distributed. Only four survive today. The four copies are in The British Library, The Bodleian Library, Lincoln Castle and Salisbury Cathedral. The Magna Carta was sent out again in by Henry III. In UNESCO recognized it in its Memory of the World register. The British Library brought all four copies together in February , so that scholars could examine them side by side. References Politics of the United Kingdom Documents th century in England Law 
Mark D. Levine (born April , ) is an American politician and educator. Levine is the th Borough President of Manhattan since . He was a member of the New York City Council for the th district from until . He is a Democrat. Levine ran as for Manhattan Borough President, having won the June primary election and eventually the general election in November. References births Living people Educators from New York City US Democratic Party politicians Manhattan borough presidents
Steyning is a town in West Sussex, England, UK. It is west of the smaller villages of Bramber and Upper Beeding. It is not far north from Lancing and Shoreham by Sea on the South Coast. Steyning has a high street with many shops, ranging from the Co op to Sussex Produce. There is a primary school, secondary school and a sixth form. There is a bed and breakfast hotel called, Springwells. Towns in West Sussex
Alhaji Shehu Ladan (// //) was a Nigerian lawyer and was the Group Managing Director of NNPC. Early life and education Ladan had his early education at N.A Primary School Tudun Wada, Zaria before proceeding to Sheikh Sabah College (now Sardauna Memorial College) in Kaduna where he obtained his WASC. He earned his bachelor (LLB) and masters (LLM) Law degrees at Ahmadu Bello University in Zaria. He is also attended professional courses at Harvard Business School, Oxford University and University of Dundee. Career Ladan served his National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) primary assignment in the State Ministry of Justice, Kano. He began his career as Staff Solicitor of the Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria. He later rose to Company Secretary/Legal Adviser Kaduna State Rural Electrification Board (REB) and Assistant Director Federal Legal Aid Council of Nigeria, Jos. Ladan was appointed as Commissioner of Education in Kaduna state. He was also appointed as Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice in Kaduna state. During his tenure as education commissioner, he founded and established the Nuhu Bamalli Polytechnic Zaria (formerly Kaduna State Polytechnic). Ladan moved to the oil and gas industry in . He held various positions in the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), rising to the position, Group General Manager of Human Resources in . In , he was appointed as the Deputy Managing Director/CEO of Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG) Shell, Total and Agip as shareholders. In October , he was appointed Group Executive Director (GED) Commercial and Investment of NNPC. And in April he was appointed the Group Managing Director after a brief recess from the industry. However, barely forty days later he was relieved of office by president GEJ References
Ashwani Kumar may refer to. Ashwani Kumar (cricketer) (born ), Indian cricketer Ashwani Kumar (politician) (born ), Indian politician Ashwani Kumar (police officer) (–), Indian police officer and governor of Nagaland Ashwani Kumar (scientist), Indian bio technologist
Peterson Zah (born December , ) is an American politician. He was the first President of the Navajo Nation and the last Chairman of the Navajo Nation. In , he began working at Arizona State University as the Special Adviser to ASU President on American Indian Affairs. References births Living people Presidents of the Navajo Nation Politicians from Arizona US Democratic Party politicians
Gore Vidal (born Eugene Luther Gore Vidal, October , – July , ) was an American writer. Vidal was born at West Point, New York, the only child of Eugene Luther Vidal ( ) and Nina Gore ( ). He was promiscuous in his youth and was openly bisexual. He lived with a man for over fifty years until he died in . Vidal died of pneumonia at his home in the Hollywood Hills, Los Angeles, California. Bibliography Essays and non fiction Rocking the Boat () Reflections Upon a Sinking Ship () Sex, Death and Money () (paperback compilation) Homage to Daniel Shays () Matters of Fact and of Fiction () Views from a Window Co Editor () The Second American Revolution () Vidal In Venice () Armageddon. () (UK only) At Home () A View From The Diner's Club () (UK only) Screening History () Decline and Fall of the American Empire () United States. Essays – ()  — National Book Award Palimpsest. a memoir () Virgin Islands () (UK only) The American Presidency () Sexually Speaking. Collected Sex Writings () The Last Empire. essays – () (there is also a much shorter UK edition) Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace or How We Came To Be So Hated, Thunder's Mouth Press, , () Dreaming War. Blood for Oil and the Cheney Bush Junta, Thunder's Mouth Press, () Inventing a Nation. Washington, Adams, Jefferson () Imperial America. Reflections on the United States of Amnesia () Point to Point Navigation. A Memoir () The Selected Essays of Gore Vidal () Gore Vidal. Snapshots in History's Glare () Plays Visit to a Small Planet () The Best Man () On the March to the Sea (–, ) Romulus (adapted from Friedrich Dürrenmatt's play Romulus der Große) () Weekend () Drawing Room Comedy () An Evening with Richard Nixon () On the March to the Sea () Novels Williwaw In a Yellow Wood The City and the Pillar The Season of Comfort A Search for the King Dark Green, Bright Red (prophecy of the Guatemala coup d'état of , see "In the Lair of the Octopus" Dreaming War) The Judgment of Paris Messiah A Thirsty Evil (short stories) Julian Washington, D.C. Myra Breckinridge Two Sisters Burr Myron Kalki Creation Duluth Lincoln Empire Hollywood Live from Golgotha. The Gospel according to Gore Vidal The Smithsonian Institution The Golden Age Clouds and Eclipses. The Collected Short Stories (short stories, this is the same collection as A Thirsty Evil (), with one previously unpublished short story — Clouds and Eclipses — added) Screenplays Climax.. Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde () (TV adaptation) The Catered Affair () I Accuse. () The Scapegoat () Ben Hur () (uncredited) Suddenly, Last Summer () The Best Man () Is Paris Burning. () Last of the Mobile Hot Shots () Caligula () Dress Gray () The Sicilian () (uncredited) Billy the Kid () Dimenticare Palermo () Works under pseudonyms A Star's Progress (aka Cry Shame.) () as Katherine Everard Thieves Fall Out () as Cameron Kay Death Before Bedtime () as Edgar Box Death in the Fifth Position () as Edgar Box Death Likes It Hot () as Edgar Box References Other websites LGBT people from New York American historians American movie actors American novelists American television writers Bisexual people Deaths from pneumonia Infectious disease deaths in the United States LGBT writers Screenwriters from New York births deaths
Petr (Peter) Shelokhonov (August , in Poland September , St. Petersburg, Russia) was a Russian film and stage actor and director. He played over roles in movies and on television. He also played over roles on stage. Petr Shelokhonov received the title of Honorable Actor of Russia in . Biography Petr Shelokhonov was of Ukrainian, Lithuanian, Belarusian and Polish ancestry. He survived Nazi occupation during World War II. In the war, Petr Shelokhonov was wounded by gunshot in his face, but the scar in the face did not stop him from becoming an actor. Petr Shelokhonov joined the partisans resistance. He made his own puppet theater in and performed parodies of Hitler. In , he became a piano student at the Kiev Conservatory of Music. In the s, he moved to the Siberian city of Irkutsk. There, he graduated from Irkutsk Drama School. Then he worked in Moscow and St. Petersburg, Russia, and also in Odesa and Kyiv, Ukraine. Petr Shelokhonov was a member of five theatre companies in Russia. He also played roles in international productions on stage, in movies, and on television. His acting career lasted over years and he played over various characters ranging from Shakespearean prince Hamlet to Soviet dictator Lenin. In , he played the leading role (Sam) in Photo Finish, written and directed by Peter Ustinov. In , he starred as Victor Velasco in Neil Simon's play Barefoot in the Park. In , Petr Shelokhonov played a supporting role in Leo Tolstoy's Anna Karenina, starring Sophie Marceau. Sean Bean. Alfred Molina, and James Fox. Petr Shelokhonov died on September from cardiac arrest in St. Petersburg, aged . Movie works Actor . "Steps to the Sun" () as Unknown soldier . "Three years" by Anton Chekhov () as Laptev . "Hidden Enemy" () as Spy Police Officer . Rokirovka v dlinnuyu storonu as Scientist . Untagling () as Spy Sotnikov . "Franz Liszt. Dreams of love" , () as Glinka, Russian composer . Liubov Yarovaya () as Commissar Mazukhin . Dawns are quiet here () as Sergeant Vaskov . “Far from Moscow” (aka.. Daleko ot Moskvy) () – as Director Batmanov . Night on the th Parallel () as Newspaper Editor . "Dauria" () as Cossack Severian Ulybin . "Are You Joking." "(" as Chairman . "Hot Cold" "()" as Writer Podorozhny . "Taming of the fire" () as Karelin . "Chess Grandmaster" () as Stepfather . Such a long, long road () as Military Officer . "Recognition" "(" as Colonel . "Reprisal" (aka...Otvetnaya Mera") () as Manager Sergei Peresada . "Obtained in the Battle" () as Mayor Sergeev . "I Don't Care" (aka... Menya eto ne kasaetsa) () as Detective Pankratov . Trust () as Petrovsky . Vitali Bianki () as Presenter narrator . First joy "(" as Professor Dorogomilov . Three rainy days () as Detective . A Moment Decides Everything (aka... Vsyo reshayet mgnoveniye) "(" as Matveev, Director of Sport . Extraordinary summer "(" as Professor Dorogomilov . Journey To Another City (aka... Puteshestvie v drugoy gorod) "(" as Manager Fedor Ignatevich . Life And Adventures Of Four Friends / (aka... Zhizn i priklyucheniya chetyrekh druzei /) () – as Forest ranger . Late rendez vous () as Lena's father . Life And Adventures Of Four Friends / (aka... Zhizn i priklyucheniya chetyrekh druzei / () – as Forest ranger . The Truth Of Lieutenant Klimov (aka... "Pravda Lieutenanta Klimova") "()" as Boatsman Chervonenko . th Of December "()" as Zarudny . The Girl And The Horse Named Grand" (aka... Devushka i Grand) "(" as Coach . Sindikat . ()– as Agent Fomichev . Customs "(" as Chief Customs Officer . The Year Of Active Sun (aka... God aktivnogo solntsa) "()" as School Superviser . Liszt Ferenc () as Count Vielgorsky . The Voice (aka... "Golos") () as Producer . Magistral "()" as Manager Gadalov . Action Place (aka... Mesto deistviya) () as Manager Ryabov . Zaveshchanie professora Douela () . Two versions of one collision () as Ambassador Pavlov . Sofia Kovalevskaya () as Academician Sechenov . "Rivals" (aka... Sopernitsy) () as Coach Semenich . "Red arrow" () as Manager Yusov Habitat "(" as Detective . Lucky man "(" as Construction Engineer . Moonzund "(" as Captain Andreev . "Bread Is A Proper Noun" (aka... "Khleb Imya suschestvitelnoe") () as Blacksmith Akimych . "My best friend, General Vasili, son of Joseph Stalin" "()" as Colonel Savinykh . Richard II "(" as Lord Marshal . The Passenger (aka... Passazhirka) "(" as Passenger . Anna Karenina, , movie by Bernard Rose starring Sophie Marceau. () as Majordome Kapitonich Stage works Actor . Hamlet () as Prince Hamlet . Irkutsk story () as Victor . Poem of bread as Senya . Golden Boy by Clifford Odets as Joe, the Golden boy . Dubrovsky () as Dubrovsky . The night of Moon eclipse as Dervish Divana . Ocean "(" as Captain Chasovnikov . Uncle Vania by Anton Chekhov () as Uncle Vanya . Ivanov by Anton Chekhov () as Ivanov . "The Seagull" by Anton Chekhov "(" as Treplev . Three Sisters by Anton Chekhov () as Tuzenbach . Platonov by Anton Chekhov as Michael Platonov . Dawns are quiet here ( as Sergeant Vaskov . “Far from Moscow” (aka.. Daleko ot Moskvy) () – as Director Batmanov . Death of Ivan the Terrible () as Prince Nikita Romanovich Zakharyin Yuriev . Tsar Fédor Ivanovitch () as Prince Nikita Romanovich Zakharyin Yuriev . Tsar Boris () as Prince Nikita Romanovich Zakharyin Yuriev . Gnezdo glukharia ( as Sudakov . Theme and Variations () as Dmitri Nikolayevich . "The Fifth Decade" (aka... "Piaty Desiatok") as Vassili Nikitich . The Land of Promise by W. Somerset Maugham as Mr. Wikham . "Photofinish" by Peter Ustinov () as Sam . "Antiquariat" by Anneli Pukema as Johanson . Barefoot in the Park by Neil Simon () as Victor Velasco Director . pages about love () by Eduard Radzinsky . Lectures of Lenin by M. Shatrov . Platonov () by Anton Chekhov . Isabella () by Irving A. Leitner Honors and Recognition . Book "My friend Petr Shelokhonov" by actor Ivan I. Krasko. SOLO Publishing, St. Petersburg, Russia . Honorable Actor of Russia SFSR () . Honorary Letter from the Government of Latvia Sources Biography of Petr Shelokhonov by film critic Dmitri Ivaneev Lenfilm Studios personal file on movie actor Peter Shelokhonov Petr Shelokhonov at dic.academic.ru Petr Shelokhonov at www.kinopoisk.ru References births deaths Deaths from cardiac arrest Actors from Saint Petersburg Soviet actors Russian movie actors Russian television actors Russian stage actors
Global Gillette (formerly The Gillette Company) is an American company famous for making shaving products. It has been merged recently into Procter & Gamble's operations. References s establishments in Massachusetts establishments in the United States Companies based in Boston, Massachusetts
is a Japanese professional athlete. He is best known as a Association football player. Club career statistics rowspan="" Gamba Osaka rowspan="" J. League colspan="" rowspan="" Albirex Niigata } References Other websites Guardian.co.uk, Shoki Hirai births Living people Footballers from Tokushima Prefecture
Ennackal Chandy George Sudarshan (also known as E. C. G. Sudarshan. September – May ) was an Indian theoretical physicist. He was a professor at the University of Texas at Austin. Sudarshan was known for his works to the field of theoretical Physics including Optical coherence, Sudarshan Glauber representation, V A theory, Tachyons, Quantum Zeno effect, Open quantum system, Spin statistics theorem, non invariance groups, positive maps of density matrices, quantum computation among others. His works include also relations between east and west, philosophy and religion. In , the Nobel Committee controversially did not award Sudarshan the Nobel Prize in Physics yet awarded his work about Glauber–Sudarshan P representation to Roy J. Glauber only. References births deaths Indian physicists People from Kerala
According to Jim is an American television sitcom. It stars Jim Belushi as a suburban father of three children (five children starting with the season seven finale). It originally ran on ABC from October , to June , . Other websites American television series debuts American television series endings s American television series American sitcoms Television series about dysfunctional families Television series about marriage Television series about siblings Television series about suburbia Television series set in Chicago, Illinois ABC network shows English language television programs
The national Flag of Guinea was created on November , . The flag is a vertical tricolour of red, yellow and green. Other websites Encyclopedia Britannica Guinea Guinea
The Hawaiian religion is a religion. It includes the folk religious beliefs and practises of the Hawaiian people. It started amongst the Tahitians and other Pacific islanders who landed in Hawaii between and AD. Today, Hawaiian religious practices are protected by law. Hawaiian religion is animistic. It is based on a belief that spirits are found in non human beings and objects such as animals, the waves, and the sky. Hawaiian mythology includes the creation stories and legends about the gods. There are several gods in Hawaiian religion and mythology. The four most important deities are Kāne, Kū, Lono and Kanaloa. The figures in Hawaiian religion consists of several groups. One way of dividing these groups is. the four gods (ka hā) – Kū, Kāne, Lono, Kanaloa the forty male gods or aspects of Kāne (ke kanahā) the four Hundred gods and goddesses (ka lau) the great Multitude of gods and goddesses (ke kini akua) the spirits (na unihipili) the guardians (na aumākua) Another way of dividing them is into three major groups. the four gods, or akua. Kū, Kāne, Lono, Kanaloa many lesser gods, or kupua, each associated with certain professions family gods, aumakua, associated with particular families References Religion Religions Religion in the United States
Syed Abdullah Khalid ( – May ) was a Bangladeshi sculptor. He was born in Sylhet, Bangladesh. Khalid has also worked on paintings.He was awarded Ekushey Padak by the Government of Bangladesh in . Khalid has exhibited solo three times since and he was awarded first prize in the Second National Sculpture Exhibition organized by the Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy in . At various times he was nominated Judge by Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy for national level exhibitions. He was a Professor at the Sculpture Department, Institute of Fine Arts, University of Dhaka until his death. Khalid died on May at a hospital in Dhaka from complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at the age of . References Other websites Liberation War Sculptures.Portraits in courage (Takir Hossain, December , ) births deaths Deaths from COPD Bangladeshi painters Bangladeshi educators Sculptors Recipients of the Ekushey Padak Bangladeshi Muslims
Petoskey is a city and coastal resort community in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was about , at the census. It is the county seat of Emmet County. References Cities in Michigan County seats in Michigan
U.S.D. Novese is a football club which plays in Italy. League title Italian Football Championship . / League position Italian football clubs establishments in Italy
Asturias Airport is an airport in Asturias. It is located in the municipality of Castrillón, and is near to Avilés. It is operated by Aena. Destinations References Other websites Official Website Airports in Spain Airport
Sanghar () is a city in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city is headquarters of Sanghar District and Sanghar Taluka (a subdivision of the district). It is an agricultural town about km from Karachi. Unfortunately, there is no railway station and airport in the city. But the city does have road links with Hyderabad, Nawabshah, Mirpur Khas and other major cities of Sindh. References Other websites District Government Sanghar Settlements in Sindh Sanghar District
Brum may refer to. Birmingham, England Brummagem, a slang name for Birmingham, England or the Birmingham dialect Brummie, people from Birmingham or the Birmingham dialect University of Birmingham Brum (TV series) Brum (surname), a Portuguese surname
Plouha is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes d'Armor department in the west of France. Sister cities Plouha is twinned with. Killorglin, Ireland, since Palas de Rei, Spain, since . Communes in Côtes d'Armor
On the Waterfront is a American movie about mob violence among longshoremen (people who unload ships) in New Jersey. Directed by Elia Kazan, it stars Marlon Brando, Eva Marie Saint and Karl Malden. The movie won eight Academy Awards. for Best Picture, Best Actor (Brando), Best Supporting Actress (Saint), Best Art Direction, Best Director (Kazan), Best Cinematography (Boris Kaufman), Best Film Editing (Gene Milford) and Best Original Screenpaly (Budd Schulberg). The catchphrase, "I could've been a contender", is said by Terry Malloy. In , it ranked third on AFI's list of the one hundred most famous quotes in movie history . Five years earlier, it was the eighth most popular movie on the AFI's Years... Movies list. Other websites drama movies s crime movies American crime drama movies Best Picture Oscar Columbia Pictures movies Golden Globe Award winning movies Movies set in New Jersey United States National Film Registry movies Movies directed by Elia Kazan
Julianna Grace LeBlanc commonly known as Annie LeBlanc is an American actress,singer and Youtuber. She currently plays Lex in the Nickelodeon show Side Hustle. References American YouTubers American child actors births Living people
Roland Dumas (born August in Limoges, Haute Vienne) is a French lawyer and Socialist politician. He served as the Foreign Minister under President François Mitterrand from to and from to . He was also President of the Constitutional Council from to . References Other websites births Living people French politicians French lawyers Civil servants Alumni of the Institut d'études politiques de Paris
USA Rugby (officially the United States of America Rugby Football Union, Ltd.) is the national governing body for the sport of rugby union in the United States. Its role is to be "the national governing body" in charge of creating rules, following them and keeping track of rugby teams in the United States. USA Rugby is responsible for the promotion of the sport in the U.S. and promotion of U.S. international participation. References Rugby union
A Diplôme d'études universitaires générales (DEUG) is the French certificate given to a university student after he has completed two years of study. It was created in . References Qualifications Education in France
Ted Knap (born May , ) was an American journalist. Knap is best known for having been included on Nixon's enemies list despite his belief that "I thought Nixon, except for Watergate, was a good president". He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In , Knap began the weekly "White House Watch" column. He retired in . He was added into the Indiana Journalism Hall of Fame in , the American Political Science Association (twice), the Marquette University By Line Award, Sigma Delta Chi fraternity, and Indianapolis Press Club reporting awards. References Other websites Ted Knap at DePauw University births Living people American journalists American political commentators Writers from Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Vassilis Alexakis () ( December – January ) was a Greek French writer and self translator. He translated many novels in Greek to French. Alexakis was born in Athens, Greece. In he published his first book Le Sandwich, written in French. The first book directly written in Greek was Talgo, published in . He self translated Talgo into French. In , Les mots étrangers was translated by Alyson Waters and published under the title Foreign Words. this was the first of his novels to be translated into English. In , he received the prestigious Prix Médicis for La langue maternelle. In , he received the Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française. Alexakis died on January , aged . References Other websites Unofficial website of Vassilis Alexakis . "Paris Athènes" (in French) births deaths Greek writers French writers European translators People from Athens
The Dnepropetrovsk maniacs is a media name for two serial killers from Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine, who caused murders in June and July . The murderers are named Viktor Sayenko (born March , ) and Igor Suprunyuck (born April , ). They gained notoriety when a video recording of one of the murders was leaked to the internet. The video on the internet is often called guyshammer. Sayenko and Suprunyuck were charged with murder after they were arrested. Alexander Hanzha, one of their friends, was charged with two robberies that took place before the murder spree. They were all found guilty by a court in February , and Suprunyuck and Sayenko were sentenced to life imprisonment. Hanzha received nine years in prison. The leaked internet video shows the murder of a year old man named Sergei Yatzenko. He is shown lying on his back in a wooded area, and is struck many times in the face with a hammer that is held inside a yellow plastic bag. Suprunyuck pokes out Yatzenko's eyes, and stabs him in the abdomen with a screwdriver. He is then struck with the hammer again in order to ensure that he is dead. The attack lasts over four minutes, during which the victim slips in and out of consciousness. During the video, Suprunyuck is shown smiling at the camera. Related pages Academy maniacs Living people Prisoners Serial killers Ukrainian people
Thrombolites are ancient types of microbial communities that photosynthesize. They are similar to stromatolites, but they are formed differently. Stromatolites are clearly layered, but thrombolites are not. They are "clotted accretionary structures". They formed in shallow water by the trapping, holding, and cementing sedimentary grains by microorganisms, especially cyanobacteria. They were common in the Cambrian and early Ordovician, and few examples still exist today. References Fossils Bacteria Sedimentary rocks
Audrey Justine Tautou (born in Beaumont on August ) is a French actress and model. She made her acting debut at on television and the following year in the feature film in Venus Beauty Institute () when she won the César Award for Most Promising Actress. Tautou got recognition for her work in the film Amélie, which was a box office success. She has been nominated three times for the César Award and twice for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. She became one of the few French actors in history to have been invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) in June . she is a member of the Academy since September . Tautou has modeled for companies such as Chanel, Montblanc, L'Oréal, and others. Early life Tautou was born in Beaumont in the Puy de Dôme department, France, and was raised together with her two sisters and his brother in the city of Montluçon (Allier, Auvergne Rhône Alpes). Her father is a dental surgeon, and her mother is a teacher. Tautou started her acting lessons at the Cours Florent, an acting school in Paris. Movies These are the movies where Tautou has acted. TV Movies References Other websites Audrey Tautou in NNDB births Living people French movie actors French television actors
This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable. G
Ricardo Bofill Leví (. December – January ) is a Spanish architect. He works for Ricardo Bofill Taller de Arquitectura. Bofill was born into a family of builders in in Barcelona, Spain. He studied at the Barcelona University School of Architecture and graduated from the School of Geneva. At the age of seventeen Ricardo Bofill designed his first project, a summer home in Ibiza, and by twenty three became lead architect of el Taller. Bofill has created over projects to date in over countries. Bofill has two sons, both of whom worked with him at Ricardo Bofill Taller de Arquitectura. Ricardo Emilio (born ) and Pablo (born ). He lived in Barcelona together with designer . Ricardo Bofill died in Barcelona on January , at the age of from COVID . References Other websites Ricardo Bofill Taller de Arquitectura's Website births deaths Spanish architects People from Barcelona Deaths from the COVID pandemic in Spain
Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States are the members of the Supreme Court of the United States other than the Chief Justice of the United States. The number of Associate Justices is ruled by the United States Congress and is currently set at eight by the Judiciary Act of . How they are nominated The President "shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint... Judges of the supreme Court." Although the Constitution refers to them as "Judges of the Supreme Court," the title actually used is "Associate Justice," introduced in the Judiciary Act of . Associate justices were traditionally styled "Mr. Justice" in court opinions, but the title was shortened to "Justice" in , a year before the first female justice was appointed. Duties Each of the Justices of the Supreme Court has a single vote in deciding the cases argued before it. the Chief Justice's vote counts no more than that of any other Justice. Succession process Under USC , when the Chief Justice is unable to discharge his functions, or that office is vacant, his duties are carried out by the most senior Associate Justice until the disability or the vacancy ends. Current justices The current Associate Justices are (in order of seniority). References Other websites Historic collection of Supreme Court decisions and biographies indexed by judge name
Hanson is a town in Plymouth County in the state of Massachusetts. One of the inland towns of the South Shore, the population was , at the census. Towns in Massachusetts
Nagendra Nath Jha ( January – June ) was an Indian diplomat. He was the Indian ambassador to Ireland ( ), to Turkey (–), to Kuwait ( ), to Yugoslavia ( ) and to Sri Lanka ( ). He was Lieutenant Governor of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands (–) and Lieutenant Governor of Pondicherry (). Jha died on June , aged . References Ambassadors of India Lieutenant Governors of Puducherry Lieutenant governors of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands deaths births
Sobrio is a former municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On April , it was merged into the municipality of Faido. References Other websites Official website Former municipalities of Ticino disestablishments in Switzerland
Nguyễn Tấn Dũng (born November ) is a Vietnamese politician who was prime minister of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam from June to his retirement in . He was elected to the post by National Assembly and nominated by his predecessor Phan Văn Khải who retired from office. Nguyễn Tấn Dũng became member of the Communist Party of Vietnam on June . He became member of the Politburo of the party in . He became deputy prime minister of Vietnam in . In he served as the governor of the State Bank of Vietnam. He was elected Prime Minister on June after his predecessor Prime Minister Phan Văn Khải decided to retire. He was re elected on July . In April he wasn't able to maintain his post in the party and stepped down from his position as Prime Minister. References births Prime Ministers of Vietnam Living people
Kaunertal is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol. References Other websites Settlements in Tyrol (state)
Du Runsheng (. July , – October , ) was a Chinese military officer, revolutionary leader, politician, and economist. He was described as "China's father of rural reform". Du was a member of the th and th National People's Congress and a member of the Central Advisory Commission from through . He was born in Taigu County, Shanxi. He died in Beijing, China, at the age of . References births deaths Centenarians Chinese communist politicians Chinese military people Chinese economists
The Opel Insignia is a car produced by the German carmaker Opel since . its available as a hatchback, saloon or an estate. Like many Opel models, it is sold as a Vauxhall in the United Kingdom. In the North American market it has sold as the Buick Regal since the model year as a sedan only. Insignia was originally intended to be the second generation Saturn Aura, but because GM stopped making the Saturn it was instead offered to Buick and was marketed as fifth generation Buick Regal. The model was facelifted in and as a model for the Buick. The second generation went go on sale in mid and a new version of the Buick Regal is also expected, it's also be sold in Australia as the Holden Commodore from early as Australian production of it stopped in October . Insignia Front wheel drive vehicles s automobiles s automobiles
Civil disobedience is the active refusal to obey certain laws, demands and commands of a government, or of an occupying power, without resorting to physical violence. It is one of the primary tactics of nonviolent resistance. The American author Henry David Thoreau pioneered the modern theory behind this practice in his essay Civil Disobedience, originally titled "Resistance to Civil Government". Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (also known as Mahatma Gandhi) used non violent civil disobedience in South Africa in a campaign for civil rights for the people who came from India and lived in South Africa. This campaign was from to . When Gandhi returned to India, he used civil disobedience in the campaign for the independence of India in from the British rule, when India was a British colony. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr, and young activists in the American Civil Rights Movement of the s also adopted civil disobedience techniques, during and after the Vietnam War.
The Batman is an American superhero mystery movie based on the DC Comics character of the same name. It is produced by DC Films and released by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is set to be a reboot of the movie franchise. The movie is directed by Matt Reeves, who wrote the screenplay with Mattson Tomlin, and will star Robert Pattinson as Bruce Wayne / Batman, with Jeffrey Wright, Zoë Kravitz, Paul Dano, Andy Serkis, and John Turturro in supporting roles. Plot During his second year of fighting crime, Batman is investigating the Riddler, a serial killer who targets rich, powerful and corrupt Gotham City citizens. Batman finds out the corruption that connects to his own family during the investigation, and is forced to make new allies to catch the Riddler and bring the corrupt to justice. Cast Robert Pattinson as Bruce Wayne / Batman.A billionaire socialite and heir of Wayne Enterprises who dedicates himself to protecting Gotham City from its criminal underworld as a highly trained, masked vigilante. Director Matt Reeves said that this version of the Batman is based on Kurt Cobain. Jeffrey Wright as James Gordon. The Gotham City Police Department commissioner and an ally of Batman. Wright will be the first actor of color to portray Gordon in movie. The character was played by J. K. Simmons in Justice League (). Zoë Kravitz as Selina Kyle / Catwoman. Kravitz voiced the character in The Lego Batman Movie (). Paul Dano as Edward Nashton / Riddler. Colin Farrell as Oswald Cobblepot / Penguin. Andy Serkis as Alfred Pennyworth. John Turturro as Carmine Falcone. Peter Sarsgaard as Gil Colson. Gotham's district attorney. Barry Keoghan as Stanley Merkel. An officer in the Gotham City Police Department. Additionally, Jayme Lawson has been cast as Bella, a politician running for office in Gotham. Rupert Penry Jones plays Mayor Don Mitchell, Gotham City's mayor who was murdered by the Riddler. Alex Ferns plays Commissioner Pete Savage, a corrupt police commissioner. Con O'Neill plays a Gotham City police chief. Charlie and Max Carver will also appear in the movie. Release The Batman is scheduled to be released on March , . It was originally supposed to be released in June , but was pushed back due to the coronavirus pandemic. It will have a runtime of minutes including credits, making it the longest Batman movie and the third longest superhero movie after Zack Snyder's Justice League () and Avengers. Endgame (). Sequels The Batman is set to be the first in a new trilogy of Batman movies. References Other websites movies Upcoming movies Batman movies American mystery movies Warner Bros. movies Movies directed by Matt Reeves Movies shot in Chicago, Illinois Reboot movies American superhero movies s superhero movies Movies composed by Michael Giacchino
Belmont is an unincorporated community and census designated place (CDP) in Sabine Parish, Louisiana, United States. Settlements in Sabine Parish, Louisiana Census designated places in Louisiana
Virtualization (or Virtualisation) is a word used in computing. Virtualization means that the users (programs, or real people) only see an abstraction of a computer resource. Virtualization can be done in software, or with hardware. RAID. RAID is used to virtualize computer storage. A RAID system appears as one "disk". The fact that it is made of several disks that work together is hidden. Virtual memory makes it possible to use more memory than is physically in the computer. The computer figures out a way to write contents of certain memory blocks to disk. Storage virtualization takes the ideas developed by RAID further. This is what Storage area networks commonly use. All the storage appears as a single big disk. Certain administrators can specify that this large disk is made of "data pools" (which are also virtual). The disk pools are made of single physical disks (or RAID arrays). Some computers (mostly mainframes) allow to run several operating systems at the same time. Each operating system believes it is the only one running. Data virtualization is used by businesses to put together data from a few sources in one place. This helps applications, reporting tools and end users to access data with no need in details about the source structure, location and original data. References Computing
Sävsjö Municipality () is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Sävsjö. References Other websites Sävsjö Municipality Municipalities of Sweden
The Jaguars (ザ・ジャガーズ, Za jagāzu) is a Japanese group sound band that was created in until . The band sung many both Japanese and English music covers, manly The Rolling Stones, The Nashville Teens, Paul Revere And The Raiders, and other American and British band groups. Overview The predecessor of The Jaguars was active as an electric group at jazz cafes under the name of "Yukio Miya and The Play Five" in April . In , they began to appear regularly on electric programs such as the TV programs "Beat No. " and "Young Pops Excite", and the band's name recognition gradually increased. In May of the following year, Shin Okamoto, who was a year old vocalist from Kanagawa at that time, reluctantly joined the group and they became popular in the magazines and songs. The Play Five was renamed to The Jaguars in June and made their record debut with "Kimi Niaitai" (Want To See You Again). This debut songs was a big hit, and popular songs such as "Dancing Lonely Night" and "Mademoiselle Bruce" were skipped one after another. In March , The Jaguars first and only appeared in many televisions shows and of course there was a movie called "Make Way For The Jaguars" (directed by Yôichi Maeda and produced by Shochiku), but at the end of the same month, the band leader Yukio Miya withdrew due to internal conflict with the music directors. After Yukio left the group, year old Takeshi Hamano joined the alternative drums in April and Shin became the leader of the group at the age of . In June, they released a hit song "The Legend of Xanadu" and in September with "Two People In The Starry Sky", but in January , "Bruce for Lovers" was a remarkably popular song like other GS songs. It has become a song that has been turned into a musical stage play. Around this time, the GS genre began to fade as disco and funky music became to flourish in Japan, and lead guitarist Hisayuki Okitsu left the group due to illness treatment, and in , keyboardist Yasuji Sato and Takeshi Hamano also leaving, thus repeating member changes. After "Someday Someone" released in April , they became active in nightclubs in Tokyo without a release song in , but did not hold any dissolution concerts, and The Jaguars ended was in July . After appearing in "Goodbye Nikki Western Carnival" in , the band was reunited when "Want To Meet You" song was appointed as a commercial for Asahi Breweries, but in , due to the death of Shin Okamoto, The band dissolved again soon after. Members Yukio Miya (drums, November , October , ), Leader, formed The New Jaguars after leaving the group in March . After the dissolution, he runs a pub restaurant in Yokohama Shin Okamoto (lead vocal, April , April , ) Koichi Miyazaki (rhythm guitar, Vocal, October , September , ), left the band in June Mikio Morita (bass guitar, vocals, June , ) Hisayuki Okitsu (lead guitar, vocals, January , ) * Left in due to illness Yasuji Saito (keyboard, May , March , ) * Left the group in September Takeshi Hamano (drums, April , ) * Joined midway in and left in Akira Hashi (vocals) * Joined midway through , formerly The Sommers member Maki Tsutomu (drums) * Joined midway in , withdrew in July , former The Sommers member Yoshio Ishii (vocals) * Joined midway in , withdrew in July , former P.S. Venus member Discography Albums Want To See You (君に会いたい, Kiminiaitai) / Beat Train (ビート・トレイン, Bīto torein) (..) Dancing Lonely Night (ダンシング・ロンリー・ナイト, Danshingu ronrī naito) / Young Tomorrow (若いあした, Wakai ashita) (..) Mademoiselle Bruce (マドモアゼル・ブルース, Madomoazeru burūsu) / Poor John (哀れなジョン, Awarena jon) (..) The Legend of Xanadu (キサナドーの伝説, Kisanadō no densetsu) / Quarante Maringouins (二人だけの渚, Futaridake no nagisa) (..). Cover version of British band Dave Dee, Dozy, Beaky, Mick & Tich's "The Legend of Xanadu" Two People In The Starry Sky (星空の二人, Hoshizora no futari) / Koi's Passport (恋のパスポート, Koi no pasupōto) (September , ) Bruce For Lovers (恋人たちにブルースを, Koibito tachi ni burūsu o) / Mayumi In Love (恋するまゆみ, Koisuru mayumi) (..) Street Corner Of Two People (二人の街角, Futari no machikado) / Dawn Of Love (愛の夜明け, Ai no yoake) (..) Someday Someone (いつか誰か, Itsuka dare ka) / Phoenix (フェニックス, Fenikkusu) (Immortal Bird {不死鳥, Fushichō}) (..) A Perky Year Old (はつらつ才, Hatsuratsu sai) / Drifting Trip (漂泊の旅, Hyōhaku no tabi) (released on .. when reunited) TV appearance What A Show (NET TV, June ), * Regular appearance Let's Sing With Youth. (Fuji TV), April ), * Guest appearance Young (TBS TV, July ), * Semi regular appearance Le Girls (Nippon TV, August ), * Regular appearance R & B Heaven (TV TOKYO Corporation, September ), * Guest appearance LOL Young Pops (Nippon TV, October ), * Guest appearance Let's Go. Young Sounds (Fuji TV, October ), * Guest appearance Movie Make Way For The Jaguars (released in March and produced by Shochiku), co starring Akiko Nakamura, directed and written by Yôichi Maeda Japanese musical groups Musical groups established in establishments in Asia s establishments in Japan disestablishments Musical groups disestablished in the s s disestablishments in Asia th century disestablishments in Japan Musical groups established in establishments in Japan Musical groups disestablished in s disestablishments in Asia st century disestablishments in Japan
Flemington is a borough in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States. In , , people lived there. Boroughs in New Jersey County seats in New Jersey Hunterdon County, New Jersey
Love Is News is a American comedy movie directed by Tay Garnett and starring Tyrone Power, Loretta Young, Don Ameche, George Sanders, Dudley Digges, Pauline Moore, Jane Darwell. It was distributed by th Century Fox and was remade in as That Wonderful Urge. Other websites Love Is News in the Internet Movie Database movies s comedy movies American comedy movies th Century Fox movies Movies directed by Tay Garnett
Nicolás García Uriburu (December , – June , ) was an Argentine contemporary artist, landscape architect and ecologist. His work in land art was aimed at raising consciousness about environmental issues such as water pollution. He was born in Buenos Aires. Uriburu died on June , in Buenos Aires, aged . Related pages List of ecologists References births deaths Artists Architects Ecologists People from Buenos Aires
Kungsör Municipality () is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Kungsör. References Other websites Kungsör Municipality Municipalities of Sweden
The WWE Cruiserweight Championship is a wrestling title owned by WWE and on WWE's weekly TV show, Live. Only wreslters under can dispute it. The first champion was T.J. Perkins and the current is Buddy Murphy. History In , WWE created the Cruiserweight Classic, a man tournament for cruiserweights. When T.J. Perkins beat Gran Metalik in the final, Triple H gave him the new WWE Cruiserweight Championship for the new cruiserweight division on the Raw brand. After the show Live was created, the Cruiserweight Championship also could be defended in this program. When WWE fired the champion at the time, Enzo Amore in January , there was an announcement that there would be a general manager on Live and he/she would decide what would happen to the championship. Drake Maverick was chosen to be the general manager and he decided that there would be a man tournament to decide a new WWE Cruiserweight Champion and that the final would happen at WrestleMania . In the final, Cedric Alexander beat Ali to win the title. After WrestleMania , Live separated from Raw so the title is only defended on that show. Reigns Combined reigns Related pages WWE Cruiserweight Championship (–) List of current champions in WWE Notes References Other websites Official WWE Cruiserweight Title History World Wrestling Entertainment championships
Messier or M is also known as NGC . It is an open cluster of stars in the northern constellation of Cassiopeia. It was discovered by Charles Messier on September , . M can be seen from Earth with binoculars. Open star clusters
Year BC was either a common year starting on Thursday, Friday or Saturday or a leap year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Flaccus. Events Caesar Augustus becomes Roman Consul for the tenth time. His partner is Gaius Norbanus Flaccus. Augustus founds the city of Nicopolis in Egypt
Antônio Benedito da Silva (born March ) is a former Brazilian football player. Club career statistics / Yomiuri Soccer League rowspan="" Shimizu S Pulse rowspan="" J. League colspan="" colspan="" Urawa Red Diamonds J. League colspan="" Shimizu S Pulse J. League } births Living people Brazilian footballers
Greenway is a city in the US state of Arkansas. Cities in Arkansas
Harriet Frank Jr. (March , – January , ) was an American screenwriter and producer. She was born in Portland, Oregon. Frank worked alongside her husband, Irving Ravetch. Frank won many awards during her career, such as the New York Film Critics Circle Awards and the Writers Guild of America Award, and several nominations. Her best known works are The Long, Hot Summer (), Norma Rae (), Murphy's Romance () and Stanley & Iris (). Frank was one of the "leading characters" in the memoir The Mighty Franks. A Memoir. Frank died on January , at her home in Los Angeles at the age of . References Other websites births deaths American movie producers American screenwriters Writers from Portland, Oregon
Étinehem Méricourt is a commune. It is in Hauts de France in the Somme department in north France. The municipality was created on January and consists of the former communes of Étinehem (the seat) and Méricourt sur Somme. References establishments in France Communes in Somme
Salvisa is a census designated place of Kentucky in the United States. Census designated places in Kentucky
Bernesq is a commune. It is found in the region Basse Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. Communes in Calvados
Hans Dieter Tippenhauer ( October – April ) was a German football manager. References births deaths German football managers Arminia Bielefeld managers Borussia Dortmund managers Bundesliga managers
Anderson is a city in Alaska. About people lived in Anderson as of the year . References Cities in Alaska
Credit Suisse Group is a Swiss bank. It is headquartered in Zurich. The company was founded in as Schweizerische Kreditanstalt (SKA, ) jointly by Alfred Escher and the German bank Allgemeine Deutsche Credit Anstalt which held % of the equity. Banks of Europe Companies of Switzerland establishments in Europe
Eleanor Rosalynn Carter (née Smith. August , ) is an American activist and writer who had served as First Lady of the United States from to as the wife of the th President of the United States, Jimmy Carter. She had also served as First Lady of Georgia from to when her husband was Governor of Georgia. First Lady When her husband was Governor of Georgia, she served as First Lady of Georgia from to . She was active in politics during her White House years, she sat in on Cabinet and policy meetings and also, serving as her husband's closest adviser. Envoy Abroad She also served as an envoy abroad, most notably to Latin America. Early life She was born in Plains, Georgia. She was the eldest of the four children of Allethea "Allie" Murray Smith (–) and Wilburn Edgar Smith (–). Rosalynn's father died of leukemia when she was . Education She attended Plains High School and graduated salutatorian. After completing her schooling, she studied at Georgia Southwestern College, Americus, Georgia. Marriage On July , , she and Jimmy Carter were married. births Living people American Baptists First Ladies of the United States Jimmy Carter People from Plains, Georgia
Taxi Driver is a American crime drama thriller movie directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Paul Schrader. It stars Robert De Niro, Jodie Foster, Cybill Shepherd, Harvey Keitel, Peter Boyle, Leonard Harris and Albert Brooks. Set in a decaying and morally bankrupt New York City following the Vietnam War, the film tells the story of Travis Bickle, a lonely taxi driver who descends into insanity as he plots to assassinate both the presidential candidate for whom the woman he is infatuated with works, and the pimp of an underage prostitute he befriends. A critical and commercial success upon release and nominated for four Academy Awards, including for Best Picture, Best Actor (for De Niro) and Best Supporting Actress (for Foster), Taxi Driver won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. The movie generated controversy at the time of its release for its depiction of violence and casting of a year old Foster in the role of a child prostitute. In , Sight & Sound named it the st best movie ever in its decennial critics' poll, ranked with The Godfather Part II, and the fifth greatest movie of all time on its directors' poll. The film was considered significant by the US Library of Congress and was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry in . John Hinckley saw the movie many times. He wanted to impress Foster. He tried to assassinate President Ronald Reagan by shooting him. Reagan survived the attack. Release dates Other websites movies s crime drama movies s thriller movies American crime drama movies American crime thriller movies Columbia Pictures movies English language movies Film noir Movies composed by Bernard Herrmann Movies directed by Martin Scorsese Movies set in New York City United States National Film Registry movies
Vanessa Nicole Marano (born on October , , Los Angeles, California) is an American actress. She acted in many television series. They include Gilmore Girls, Grey's Anatomy and The Young and the Restless. Marano began acting when she was seven years old. Television Awards and nominations References American television actors American movie actors Actors from Los Angeles births Living people
Christopher David Killip ( July – October ) was a Manx photographer. He worked at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, from to , as a Professor of Visual and Environmental Studies. Killip was well known for his black and white images of people and places. He was born in Douglas, Isle of Man. Killip died in October at the age of . References Other websites Killip at Visual and Environmental Studies, Harvard University ULAN entry for Killip Killip's photographs in the [British] Government Art Collection, Department of Culture, Media and Sport Pirelli Work, publisher's page. Chris Killip's personal website Photographers deaths births Educators Manx people
Malcolm X, an African American Muslim minister and human rights activist was killed in Manhattan, New York City on February , at the age by three gunmen. Malcolm X was preparing to address the Organization of Afro American Unity in Manhattan's Audubon Ballroom, someone yelled "Nigger. Get your hand outta my pocket." Malcolm X's bodyguards tried to stop the disturbance, a man ran and shot Malcolm in the chest with a sawn off shotgun and two other men fired semi automatic handguns towards Malcolm. Malcolm X was pronounced dead at . pm, shortly after arriving at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital. The autopsy identified gunshot wounds to the chest, left shoulder, arms and legs, including ten buckshot wounds from the initial shotgun blast. 
A mudpuppy or waterdog is an aquatic salamander. They belong to the family Proteidae. Mudpuppies make a dog like barking sound, which is why they are called mudpuppies. Mudpuppies belong to the genus Necturus. They live in Canada and Midwestern United States. Related pages Axolotl Other websites Tree of Life. Proteidae Salamanders
The Hyundai i is a car produced by Hyundai. It is the successor of the Getz, and were based on the Kia Soul's platform. I s automobiles
Châtillon la Palud is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne Rhône Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. Communes in Ain
Amager Bakke, also known as the Amager Slope or Copenhill, is a joint power plant for converting waste to energy and a sports park in Amager, Copenhagen, Denmark. The plant opened in , and partially replaced the nearby old waste incineration plant in Amager, which is being converted from coal to biomass (expected to be completed in ). The two plants play a major role in Copenhagen's ambition to reach zero carbon emissions in . References Copenhagen Buildings and structures in Denmark Power plants
Heavy metals are metals or chemical compounds containing metals with relatively high density, high atomic weights, or atomic numbers. This might mean up to out of the known chemical elements. Mercury, lead and bismuth are examples. The term is widely used in science. They have a density of more than g/cm. All of them are denser than iron The term is sometimes used for any toxic metal, or metalloid such as arsenic, regardless of density. The term heavy metals includes chromium, cobalt, nickel, copper, zinc, arsenic, silver, gold, cadmium, antimony, mercury, thallium, tungsten, platinum and lead. The heaviest metal by density is osmium. Although most heavy metals are toxic, not all of them are. For example, gold, which is one of the heaviest metals, is non toxic and chemically inert in the body. Some gold compounds are toxic, however. More specific definitions of a heavy metal have been proposed but none is widely used. Heavy metals are scarce in the Earth's crust because most have sunk into the Earth's core. Many are used in modern life. They are used, for example, in golf clubs, cars, antiseptics, self cleaning ovens, plastics, solar panels, mobile phones, and particle accelerators. References Kumar V, Abbas AK & Aster JC , 'Environmental and nutritional diseases,' in V Kumar, AK Abbas & JC Aster (eds), Robbins basic pathology, th ed, Elsevier, Philadelphia, PA. Newman MC & Unger MA . Fundamentals of ecotoxicology, nd ed. Lewis, Boca Raton, FL. Sengupta AK , 'Principles of heavy metals separation', in AK Sengupta (ed), Environmental separation of heavy metals. engineering processes, Lewis, Boca Raton, FL. Related pages Hyperaccumulator Chemistry Metals
 Cruithne is an asteroid. Discovery Cruithne was discovered on October , , by Duncan Waldron on the UK Schmidt Telescope at Siding Spring Observatory, Coonabarabran, Australia. The appearance is given to Giovanni de Sanctis and Richard M. West of the European Southern Observatory in Chile. It was not until that its unusual orbit was found by Paul Wiegert and Kimmo Innanen, working at York University in Toronto, and Seppo Mikkola, working at the University of Turku in Finland. The asteroid is named after the Cruithne, a people of early medieval Ireland. Measurements Cruithne is about kilometres (. mi) in diameter. From through , Cruithne makes its annual closest approach to Earth every November. Although Cruithne's orbit is not thought to be stable over the long term, calculations showed that it has probably been synchronized with Earth's orbit for a long time. There is no danger of a collision with Earth for millions of years, if ever. Its orbital path and Earth's do not cross. Orbit Cruithne is in a normal elliptic orbit around the Sun. Its period of revolution around the Sun, about days at present, is almost equal to that of the Earth. Because of this, Cruithne and Earth appear to follow each other in their paths around the Sun. This is why Cruithne is sometimes called "Earth's second moon". However, it does not orbit the Earth and is not a moon. In , Cruithne will come within . million kilometres of Mars. Cruithne's distance from the Sun and orbital speed vary a lot more than the Earth's, so from the Earth's point of view Cruithne actually follows a kidney bean shaped horseshoe orbit ahead of the Earth, taking slightly less than one year to complete a circuit of the "bean". Because it takes slightly less than a year, the Earth "falls behind" the bean a little more each year, and so from our point of view, the circuit is not quite closed, but rather like a spiral loop that moves slowly away from the Earth. After many years, the Earth will have fallen so far behind that Cruithne will then actually be "catching up" on the Earth from "behind". When it eventually does catch up, Cruithne will make a series of annual close approaches to the Earth and gravitationally exchange orbital energy with Earth. this will alter Cruithne's orbit by a little over half a million kilometres so that its period of revolution around the Sun will then become slightly more than a year. The kidney bean will then start to migrate away from the Earth again in the opposite direction — instead of the Earth "falling behind" the bean, the Earth is "pulling away from" the bean. The next such series of close approaches will be centred on the year — in July of that year, Cruithne will approach Earth to about ,, kilometres. After to years or so, the kidney bean shaped orbit approaches Earth again from the other side, and the Earth, once more, alters the orbit of Cruithne so that its period of revolution around the Sun is again slightly less than a year (this last happened with a series of close approaches centred on , and will next happen with a series centered on ). The pattern then repeats itself. More resonant near Earth objects (NEOs) have since been discovered. These include YORP, () UP, AA, and BD which exist in resonant orbits similar to Cruithne's. Other examples of natural bodies known to be in horseshoe orbits include Janus and Epimetheus, natural satellites of Saturn. The orbits these two moons follow around Saturn are much simpler than the one Cruithne follows, but operate along the same general principles. Mars has four known co orbital asteroids ( Eureka, UJ, VF, and NS, all at the Lagrangian points), and Jupiter has many (more than known objects, the Trojan asteroids). there are also other small co orbital moons in the Saturnian system. Telesto and Calypso with Tethys, and Helene and Polydeuces with Dione. However, none of these follow horseshoe orbits. Cruithne
.sg is the country top level domain for Singapore (ccTLD). It started in . It is managed by the Singapore Network Information Centre (SGNIC). It is only for residents of Singapore. However, there are some second level domains that have more rules when registering. Second level domains .com.sg For commercial use. .net.sg Network providers. .org.sg Registered organisations of Singapore. .gov.sg Government agencies. .edu.sg Schools and education institutions. .per.sg For personal use only. .idn.sg For domain names with Chinese and Indian words in them. Other websites IANA .sg whois information Singapore Network Information Centre References Top level domains Singapore
The World Music Awards is an international awards show that honors recording artists every year. The awards are given out based on artists' worldwide sales figures, which are provided by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI). The World Music Awards was founded in . John Martinotti is an executive producer and co founder of the show. Music awards establishments
The Colognian dialect, or Kölsch is a variety of the German languages. People in and around the city of Cologne in the West of Germany use Kölsch. Nowadays most of them have High German as their primary language or secondary language. Usage About , people actively speak Kölsch. More than ,, people understand Kölsch well and use some Kölsch, or a variant, somehow. An estimated ,, to ,, people understand it partially. Pronunciation How to say "Kölsch". Take the beginning from "kernel" or "colonel". next take a real dark, long "l" as in "bold", or "ball". then append a "sh" as in "shrimps", or "ti" as in "nation". That's the sound "Kölsch". However, the German "ö" is not exactly the same as an English "o", but a sound between "o" and "e". Etymology The word 'Kölsch' comes from the Name of the City of Cologne. It is 'Köln' in native tongue, yet 'Kölle' in Kölsch. Now by ordinary German word building rules, 'kölnisch' means 'belonging to Cologne', 'related to Cologne', 'in Cologne', 'from Cologne'—as in 'kölnisch Wasser' (Eau de Cologne). The word 'kölnisch', or 'köllesch', shortened to 'kölsch' in local tongue, became a shorthand noun for the local beer and the local language, or dialect. Today's name of the city stems from ancient times of the Roman occupation of Northern Germany years before Christ, and later. In the place of a longer existing German tribal settlement, the Romans built a fort or castle — then, approximately under the reign of Julius Caesar, enhanced it to a colony (Latin. colonia) with religious and city rights. Part of its Roman name stuck, 'Colonia Clavdia Ara Agrippinensivm Oppidvm Vbiorum' became 'Köln' over the centuries. History Although Kölsch speakers occasionally claim that it is rooted in pre Roman times, Kölsch's ripuarian base developed from a mix of Lower German and Middle High German in medieval times. It learned from other languages through political and trade connections during the times of the Hanse, and from various waves of immigration. In modern times, there were. Remarkable French influences since Napoleon's occupation of the city ( ) Prussian influences as Prussian kings took over from the French army Dutch influences by immigration, trade, and neighborhood Some English influences through the British and American armies, European integration and worldwide globalization since Recently minor influences by migrants from Southern Europe and Turkey start evolving Special properties Kölsch has outstanding or unique properties. Here are some. Richness. There is only one language in Europe that has as many different vowels as Kölsch. There are a huge number of different sounds that sound like 'sh', but if someone gets them wrong, he will be understood as a foreigner. Tolerance paired with individuality. Kölsch is not so outstanding among the many dialects around it. These are both similar and different. Kölsch integrates new variants and deviations easily and quickly. There is no concept of right or wrong, only of difference. It is all right to be different, as every individual is different somehow all the time. Kölsch is unusually well documented. Some linguists of the local universities have shown great interest in Kölsch and the ripuarian dialects, and research on them. Outside the world of science, the Akademie för uns Kölsche Sproch (Academy in favour of our Kölsch language) offers regular courses, classes, excursions for everybody. They publish a dictionary, a grammar, and phrase books. It is probably the only institute of its kind worldwide. Socio cultural After the Second World War, Cologne took up and integrated a huge number of former inhabitants from the former East German regions, which now are part of Poland. That has not had a remarkable impact on the Kölsch language. but on the immigrants. They soon began to integrate into the social life and otherwise, they began to learn Kölsch. Naturally they initially were not perfect speakers. The Kölsch language recognized that, and quickly created a word for them. "imi" ('imitating' or 'imitated' Kölsch). As they lerned Kölsch well over the years, you could hear the word 'imi' less often. It came back recently, when the wall that separated East and West Germany was taken down. People who speak Kölsch Jacques Offenbach, (–), cellist, composer, initiator of the genre 'operetta' Konrad Adenauer, ( ), Cologne's mayor for long, later the first German prime minister (chancellor) after the second world war Karl Blömer, body builder, awarded "Mister Universum" Heinrich Böll, ( ), writer and novelist, president of the German and the international Pen Club, received the nobel prize for literature in the year Peter Müller 'Dä Aap', ( ), middle weight boxing champion Peter Ludwig, ( ), industry leader, patron and collector of modern art, founder of six important museums spread over Western Germany Willy Millowitsch, ( ), actor, TV star, entertainer, proprietor of his own theatre in Cologne Mario Adorf, (born ), actor and writer Michael Schumacher, (born in ), formula one car racing world champion Kölsch music Willi Ostermann, ( ) was a parodist, poet, composer, singer, songwriter, editor and publisher. He is extremely popular in the Kölsch Region. He created a treasure of Kölsch songs. Many of Ostermann's songs are in everybody's active memory in Cologne and about. People sing them on various occasions and music groups ubiquitously performed them all the time until today. Can is a Kölsch rock group that reveived much international acclamation from insiders in the late s, when they started a new style of electronic music. General public became aware of them only about years later. Then other musicians had successfully adopted their style. Most of their music is instrumental. If there is voice in their compositions, it is mostly used similar to any other instrument. de Bläck Fööss (the Naked Feet) were the first publicly recognized beat band to sing in Kölsch language. The professional musicians, successful in other projects, just for fun recorded a nice Kölsch song together, in . The record became a little local success, they decided to follow that path and started a huge success. Over the years, they had a series of local top hits, occasionally well received even outside the area where people understand Kölsch. Today they regularly draw audiences of , or , people several times a year. Their repertoire covers most styles of modern popular music, and various language variants of Kölsch. BAP is a Kölsch rock group. They always have been a tour band and successfully perform throughout Germany. de Höhner (the Cocks and Hens) is a group playing popular, rock, beat, dancing, and drinking songs, almost all of them use an easy Kölsch. They have had a top hit in Germany and Number One at the Oktoberfest in Munich. Munich is far away from Cologne. people in Munich have a completely different language, they usually do not comprehend Kölsch. References Other websites Moselfränkisches Wörterbuch (Mosel Frankian Dictionary, in German) WiKoelsch Test Wiki in Ripuarian languages, including Kölsch. German dialects Languages of Germany Cologne
Neuss (Low Franconian and Ripuarian. Nüüs, Latin. Novaesium. officially written in Neuß until ) is a city in the west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine Westphalia. In the local dialect it is called Nüss or Neuß. Neuss has about , inhabitants. It is on the Rhine, opposite the big city of Düsseldorf. Neuss was founded by the Romans about , years ago. The Romans called the town Castra Novesia. References Other websites Rhein Kreis Neuss Rural District
James Jerome "Jim" O'Toole (January , – December , ) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Cincinnati Reds (–) and Chicago White Sox (). He was left handed. O'Toole was born in Chicago, Illinois. He married Betty Wall on July , . They had children. O'Toole died from cancer on December , in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was . References Other websites births deaths American baseball players Cancer deaths in Ohio Chicago White Sox players Cincinnati Reds players Sportspeople from Chicago
Portoferraio is an Italian town in Tuscany, on the island of Elba. Portoferraio is in the Province of Livorno. It has , people. Towns in Tuscany
Franck Durix (born October ) is a former French football player. References births Living people French footballers
WWE K series is a series of video games that are developed by Yuke's and Visual Concepts and are published by K Sports. The video games are based on the professional wrestling company WWE. The series was first known as WWF/WWE SmackDown. from to and then was changed to WWE SmackDown vs. Raw in . The title was changed to simply WWE in with the release of WWE '. The WWE title was used for WWE ' and WWE ' and was changed to WWE K when Take Two Interactive acquired the publishing rights for the series from THQ. In Japan, the series was known as Exciting Pro Wrestling until . The series has gained positive reviews over the years and is one of the best selling video game franchises. The series was published by THQ from to before THQ filed for bankruptcy on December , . THQ's assets were auctioned off and the WWE video game's publishing rights were acquired by Take Two Interactive (Parent company of K Games). Games WWF SmackDown. (PS) () WWF SmackDown. . Know Your Role (PS) () WWF SmackDown. Just Bring It (PS) () WWE SmackDown. Shut Your Mouth (PS) () WWE SmackDown. Here Comes the Pain (PS) () WWE SmackDown. vs. Raw (PS) () WWE SmackDown. vs. Raw (PS, PSP) () WWE SmackDown vs. Raw (PS, PSP, Xbox ) () WWE SmackDown vs. Raw (PS, PS, Wii, Xbox , Mobile, NDS) () WWE SmackDown vs. Raw (PS, PS, PSP, Wii, Xbox , Mobile, NDS) () WWE SmackDown vs. Raw (PS, PS, PSP, Wii, Xbox , Mobile, NDS) () WWE SmackDown vs. Raw (PlayStation , PS, PSP, Wii, Xbox ) () WWE ' (PS, Wii, Xbox ) () WWE ' (PS, Wii, Xbox ) () WWE K (PS, Xbox ) () WWE K (PS, PS, Xbox , Xbox One) () WWE K (PS, PS, Xbox , Xbox One, Microsoft Windows) () WWE K (PS, PS, Xbox , Xbox One, Microsoft Windows) () WWE K (PS, Xbox One, Microsoft Windows) () WWE K WWE K (PS, Xbox One, Microsoft Windows) () WWE K Battlegrounds (PS, Xbox One, Stadia, Nintendo Switch) () WWE K (PlayStation , Xbox Series X/S, Windows, Nintendo Switch) () References Video game series
Michael Ansara (April , – July , ) was a Syrian American stage, movie and voice actor. He was best known for playing of Cochise in the American television series Broken Arrow, Kane in the series Buck Rogers in the th Century, Commander Kang on three different Star Trek TV series, Deputy U.S. Marshal Sam Buckhart on the NBC series, Law of the Plainsman, and the voice for villain character Mr. Freeze in the Emmy Award winning series Batman. The Animated Series, The New Batman Adventures, Batman & Mr. Freeze. SubZero, and Batman Beyond. Early life Ansara was born in a small village in Syria and moved to Lowell, Massachusetts. He was educated at the Los Angeles City College. Career Ansara starred in his own ABC TV series, Law of the Plainsman (–), with Gina Gillespie and Robert Harland. He performed as an Apache Indian named Sam Buckhart who had been appointed as a U.S. Marshal. The series began as an episode of The Rifleman. In , he appeared as Carl in the episode "Night Visitors" of the NBC anthology series The Barbara Stanwyck Show. Ansara also played in the Biblical epics The Robe () as Judas Iscariot, The Ten Commandments () as a taskmaster (uncredited), and The Greatest Story Ever Told () as Herod's commander. He also appeared as Belshazzar in Columbia's movie Slaves of Babylon. Guest starred with Kurt Russell in an episode of the 's series "Lost in Space". Later career Ansara did voice acting as Mr. Freeze in Batman. The Animated Series as well as the animated movie Batman & Mr. Freeze. SubZero, an episode of both New Batman Adventures and Batman Beyond. He also voiced Mr. Freeze in the video game Batman Vengeance. Ansara retired in . Awards Ansara was nominated for an Academy of Science Fiction Award. He won a Western Heritage Award for Rawhide. He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for both movies and television. Marriages Ansara was married to Jean Byron from until they divorced in . He was married to Barbara Eden from until . They had a son, Matthew Ansara, who died in . He married Beverly Kushida in . Death Ansara died on July , after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease in his home in Calabasas, California, aged . References Other websites births deaths Deaths from Alzheimer's disease Disease related deaths in California Actors from Massachusetts American movie actors American television actors American voice actors American stage actors Naturalized citizens of the United States Syrian people Saturn Award winners People from Lowell, Massachusetts
Age of Empires III is a computer game made by the company Ensemble Studios. It is published by Microsoft. It is the third game of the Age of Empires games, and has better graphics than the ones before it. It is a real time strategy game. The plot is from to . An expansion pack, Age of Empires III. The WarChiefs, was released for the game on October , . The second expansion, Age of Empires III. The Asian Dynasties, was released on October , . ''Age of Empires III. Definitive Edition was announced on August , , and it is still in development. Compatibility The game is compatible with Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows , Windows and Windows . The game is available on Steam. Requirements CPU. should be above . GHz Memory. MB RAM Graphics. MB video card GB free space on the harddisk. The expansions require additional free space. Real time strategy video games video games
Caenorhabditis elegans is a species of roundworm or nematode. It is important because much research has been done on its genetics and development. C. elegans is about mm long. The worms are not parasites, they are free living. They live in soil and feed on bacteria. C. elegans is a model organism, used to study animal development and behavior. It is the first multicellular organism for which scientists have been able to sequence its whole genome. C. elegans has two types of sex. hermaphrodite and male. A hermaphrodite makes sperms when its in a larval stage and makes ova in an adult stage. A male can only make sperm. Males are a little smaller than hermaphrodites. Study using C. elegans was begun in by Sydney Brenner. In laboratories, they are easy to keep alive. At ºC, they spend hours as an embryo. Animals like C. elegans that do not take long to grow and are easy to feed are usually good organisms for research. In , the Nobel Prize for Medicine was awarded to Sydney Brenner, Robert Horvitz, and John Sulston for their work on how C. elegans's genes cause it to grow and cause some of its cells to die. References Nematodes Model organisms
Chaozhou (), alternatively Teochew, is a prefecture level city in eastern Guangdong province, China. In , ,, people lived there. Cities in China Guangdong
Events March – Britain repeals the Stamp Act after American protests. Births February – Thomas Malthus, English demographer and economist (died ) April – Charles Louis de Fourcroy, Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur, French Mathematician and Scholar April – Anne Louise Germaine de Stael, French writer (died ) May – Robert Darwin, Medical doctor and father of Charles Darwin (died ) July – Dominique Jean Larrey, French surgeon (died ) August – William Hyde Wollaston, English chemist (died ) September – John Dalton, English chemist and physicist (died ) October – Emmanuel, marquis de Grouchy, French marshal (died ) November – Joseph Radetzky von Radetz, Austrian field marshal (died ) December – Barbara Fritchie, U.S. patriot in Civil War (died ) Deaths
The Wright StreetLite is a axle single decker low floor bus. It has been built since by Wrightbus. Versions StreetLite WF (wheel forward) The StreetLite WF (wheel forward) was launched in . To save space, the axles are in front of the door. StreetVibe The StreetVibe was launched in . It is much shorter and narrower than a normal StreetLite. The first StreetVibe entered service with East Lothian Council in April . Two StreetVibes were sent to Moray Council in June and July . Twenty two StreetVibes were sent to Guernsey's buses.gg in April and May . VDL Citea MLE In October , VDL Bus & Coach launched a rebadged version of the StreetLite WF, known as the Citea MLE, for the European market. Quick Parking of Haarlem in the Netherlands took delivery of the first Citea MLE in May . Nobina Danmark are the largest operator of the Citea MLE, taking delivery of five examples in December and a further pair in June . A further two Citea MLEs entered service in Denmark with Keolis Danmark in December . StreetLite DF (door forward) The Door Forward StreetLite version, also known as the StreetLite DF, was launched in . The axle is behind the door. The first DF StreetLite was trialled by First London. StreetLite Max The StreetLite Max was launched in . It is noticably longer than normal StreetLites and has seats. The axle is behind the door like the "door forward" version. Micro Hybrid The StreetLite Micro Hybrid was launched in . Hybrid The StreetLite Micro Hybrid was launched in May . Electric The StreetLite EV was launched in . Like the Micro Hybrid, It is a battery electric bus with no diesel engine. In January , Arriva Shires & Essex placed eight EVs into service in Milton Keynes receiving coverage on national news services due to their trial of inductive charging, the first buses of their kind to do so in the UK. References Other websites Wright StreetLite (Wrightbus website) Buses
Lille O.S.C. is a football club which plays in France. Based in the northern city of Lille founded in from the merger of the Olympique Lillois (founded in ) and the S.C. Fives (founded in ). League title Division . / (as Olympique Lillois), /, /, / League position Former position s establishments in France establishments in Europe French football clubs Lille
Oberlin is a city in Decatur County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Decatur County. In , , people lived there. History Oberlin was platted as a town in . It was named after Oberlin, Ohio. The first post office in Oberlin was created in April . On September , , Northern Cheyenne were running from the Indian Territory to their homes in the north. The Northern Cheyenne Exodus, attacked people near Oberlin. Oberlin was incorporated as a city in . Geography Oberlin is at (., .). It has an elevation of , feet ( m). It is on the northwest side of Sappa Creek, a tributary of the Republican River, in the High Plains region of the Great Plains. It is at the intersection of U.S. Route and U.S. Route in northwest Kansas. Oberlin is northwest of Wichita, east of Denver, and west northwest of Kansas City. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. Weather Oberlin has a humid continental climate (Köppen Dfa). It has hot, dry summers and cold, dry winters. The average temperature in Oberlin is  °F ( °C). Temperatures hotter than  °F ( °C) happen on average days per year and dropping below  °F ( °C) an average of days a year. Oberlin gets precipitation days a year and snowfall happens days a year. Precipitation averages inches ( mm) per year, and snowfall averages inches ( cm) per year. On average, January is the coldest month, and July is both the hottest month and the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Oberlin was  °F ( °C) in . the coldest temperature ever was  °F (  °C) in . People census The census says that there were , people, households, and families living in Oberlin. Education Oberlin USD has two public schools in the city. Oberlin Elementary School (Grades Pre K ) and Decatur Community Junior/Senior High School ( ). Media The Oberlin Herald is Oberlin's only newspaper. It is published once per week. Oberlin is in the Wichita Hutchinson, Kansas television market. NBC affiliate KSNK is licensed to McCook, Nebraska. It broadcasts on channel from studios west of Oberlin. KSNK is a satellite station of KSNW in Wichita. Famous people Brun Campbell – ragtime composer, pianist Sam Francis – Overall # pick in NFL Draft, football coach at Kansas State University Elmer Hackney – NFL running back Richard Rogers – U.S. federal judge Cora Simpson – nurse and nurse educator, founder of nursing school in Fuzhou, China References Other websites City City of Oberlin, and Decatur County website Oberlin Directory of Public Officials Schools USD , local school district Maps Oberlin City Map, KDOT Cities in Kansas County seats in Kansas establishments in the United States s establishments in Kansas
Hercule Poirot is a fictional detective. He was created by Agatha Christie. He was in novels and short stories. The stories were published between and . Poirot has been portrayed on radio, on screen, for films and television. Some of the actors who played him are John Moffatt, Albert Finney, Sir Peter Ustinov, Sir Ian Holm, Tony Randall, Alfred Molina and David Suchet. References Related pages Miss Marple Other websites Hercule Poirot at the official Agatha Christie website Characters in written fiction Television characters Movie characters Crime fiction
Antonio Nemesio (Sánchez) Taylor (December , July , ) was a Cuban baseball second baseman. He was born in Havana. He played nineteen seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the Chicago Cubs, Philadelphia Phillies, and Detroit Tigers from until . He batted and threw right handed and also played third base and first base. Taylor died from stroke related problems on July , in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, aged . References Other websites Tony Taylor at SABR (Baseball BioProject) Tony Taylor at Baseball Almanac Tony Taylor at Baseball Library births deaths Chicago Cubs players Detroit Tigers players Philadelphia Phillies players Deaths from stroke Cuban sportspeople
Mount Whymper is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia. It is the highest point in Canada south of the th parallel. It is between the headwaters of the Chemainus River and the South Nanaimo River. This is north of Honeymoon Bay. History The mountain was named in for Frederick Whymper. He went with Robert Brown on the Vancouver Island Exploring Expedition There is another Mount Whymper in British Columbia. It is named for Frederick's brother Edward Whymper. References Mountains of British Columbia
Budapest is the capital and the largest city of Hungary. It was made as such in . In that year three towns on the River Danube, namely Buda, Óbuda (Old Buda) and Pest were united. The city has a population of about . million people. Its highest place is János Hill ( m.) Climate Budapest has a humid subtropical climate with relatively cold winters and quite warm summers. History The history of the city started with Celtic tribes who settled here before AD. Later Roman empire transformed the first settlements into the Roman town of Aquincum. The Hungarians arrived in the territory of modern Hungary only in the end of th century AD. Budapest also became the co capital of the Austro Hungarian Empire, a great power that dissolved in after World War I. The city was the focal point of the Hungarian Revolution of , the Battle of Budapest in , and the Hungarian Revolution of . Landmarks Budapest offers a number of historical buildings, baths and parks and is considered a financial hub. In the city center, we can find the Roman Catholic cathedral, the St. Stephen's Basilica. The church is a Neo Renaissance style cathedral in the th district of Budapest. It is one of the most significant church buildings in Hungary. The building is named in honor of the Hungarian founding king, St. Stephen ( ), whose right hand, the Holy Right, is kept here as a relic. With a height of meters, it is the fourth tallest building in the country and the third tallest in the capital after the Parliament and the MOL Campus.  It was the sixth largest church building in Hungary before . The former royal palace, the Buda Castle as part of the Castle District has been part of Budapest's World Heritage Sites since . The Gothic style royal palace was built in the s and lasted until the end of the s. Due to the Turkish occupation from to , very serious damage was done to both the castle and the buildings of the Castle District. In the building of the palace, the National Széchényi Library has been located in the back, decorated with Art Nouveau elements, and the Hungarian National Gallery and the Budapest History Museum are located in the palace. Also on the Castle Hill, the Matthias Church is a Gothic church with a great historical past. It was originally built in Romanesque style in , but was destroyed during the Mongol invasion in . The current building was built in the th century and underwent a thorough reconstruction in the late th century. After the occupation of Buda, the church was transformed into a mosque, during which the late Gothic frescoes inside the church were destroyed. After the liberation of Buda, according to the plans of Frigyes Schulek, it was restored to its second, Gothic state. During the Second World War, it was used as a camp by the Germans and the Soviets during the siege of Budapest. The Hungarian Parliament Building, also known as the Parliament of Budapest after its location, is the seat of the National Assembly of Hungary, a notable landmark of Hungary, and a popular tourist destination in Budapest. It is situated on the Kossuth Lajos Square in the Pest side of the city, on the eastern bank of the Danube. It was designed by Hungarian architect Imre Steindl in neo Gothic style and opened in . It has been the largest building in Hungary since its completion, and the third biggest Parliament building in the world. Further north, the building of the National Police Headquarters (in the common language “Police Palace”) located in the Árpád Göncz City Center. Since its completion, its shape and size have been one of the defining buildings of the whole of Budapest in terms of cityscape. The plans were completed in the s by József Finta and Géza Meichl, and their construction was financed by Postabank collaborating with the Hungarian police. , cubic meters of concrete and . thousand tons of rebar were used for the construction. The headquarters can be divided into two parts, one eight story and columnar and the other sixteen stories and cylindrical, with police antennas at the top that extend meters high. In , an unknown person fired at the building with a machine gun. On the south, in the th district of Budapest, located the transmission tower on Száva Street. With a height of meters, it is the third tallest structure in Budapest (after the Mount Széchenyi TV mast and the chimney of Óbuda Power Plant). The tower is well visible from the southern Pest region of the capital, but it can be seen in several lookouts of Buda too. It was built in , and it is currently owned by Hungarian Telekom. As a backbone transmitter, it broadcasts digital terrestrial radio (T DAB +) and digital television channels (DVB T standard, MinDig TV and mobile phone DVB H). Other landmarks in Budapest are the Citadel, the Statue of Liberty, the Millenium Monument, the Zoo, the Hungarian National Museum, the Great Market Hall, the Dohány Street Synagogue and the famous thermal baths (Széchenyi, Szent Gellért, Király). Budapest is also known for the ruins of Aquincum, the capital city of the Roman Province of Pannonia. Connections Budapest is mostly surrounded by the M. The following motorways connects with the M. The M goes west towards Vienna and Bratislava. The M goes east towards Debrecen. The M goes southeast towards Szeged. The M goes south towards Pécs. The M goes southwest towards Varaždin. One national road, the Road goes north towards Banská Bystrica. Trivia It has the oldest subway line in Europe. Twin cities of Budapest. Beijing CN Berlin DE Bethlehem Florence IT Fort Worth US Frankfurt am Main DE Kraków PL Lisbon, PT New York US Sarajevo BA Shanghai CN Skopje MK Subotica RS Târgu Mureș RO Tehran IR Tel Aviv IL Vienna AT Zagreb HR References Other sources Evans, R.J.W. Austria, Hungary, and the Habsburgs. Central Europe c.– () online Herman, Arthur. What life was like. at Empire's end . Austro Hungarian Empire – (Time Life, ). heavily illustrated. Kann, Robert A. A History of the Habsburg Empire. – (U of California Press, ). highly detailed history. emphasis on ethnicity Oakes, Elizabeth and Eric Roman. Austria Hungary and the successor states. a reference guide from the Renaissance to the present () Ungvary, Krisztian (). The Siege of Budapest. one hundred days in World War II. Yale University Press. ISBN . Molnar, Miklos (). A concise history of Hungary. Cambridge Concise Histories. Cambridge University Press. ISBN Other websites Budapest Holidays Budapest tourism info Portal History of Budapest Budapest map WorldFlicks in Budapest. Photos and interesting places on Google Maps establishments in Europe Establishments in Hungary
The Trematodes are a class of flatworms in the phylum Platyhelminthes. They are called flukes, and are internal parasites of molluscs and vertebrates. Most trematodes have a complex life cycle with at least two hosts. The primary host, where the flukes sexually reproduce, is a vertebrate. The intermediate host, which is the agent of dispersal, is usually a snail. The trematodes or flukes are estimated to include , to , species References Flatworms Parasites
Amanda Marie Knox (born July , , Seattle, Washington) is an American author who was imprisoned without bail bond in Italy for years during the trial and acquittal of the murder of Meredith Kercher, her British college housemate, in Perugia, Italy. On October , , she was cleared of murder after an appeal trial. The sentence was declared invalid in March . She was sentenced to years and six months in jail in late January . Her murder conviction was overturned for a final appeal in March . Knox wrote about her treatment by Italian authorities and her prison problems in her memoir, Waiting to Be Heard. Knox was, at the time of the murder, a year old University of Washington language student who shared a flat with Kercher. She was in Perugia attending the University for Foreigners for one year, studying Italian, German and creative writing. Knox met her boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito at a classical music concert held on October , , which she attended with Kercher at the University for Foreigners. When Kercher left at the intermission, Sollecito met Knox. Knox and her boyfriend Sollecito were put on trial. At the time of the murder on November , , Kercher's house keys, rent money of euros (~$), and mobile phones had been missing, but the phones were found in the bushes by a neighbor, several blocks away, when Knox called Kercher's numbers the next morning after finding the front door ajar. The prosecution claimed a knife fight with Sollecito had begun after Knox and Kercher had argued about the stolen rent money, as stated by convicted suspect Rudy Guede (whose DNA was found on the body and purse). However, Amanda Knox had over $, in her bank account at the time, and said she had no motive. Sollecito's DNA was found in the kitchen ashtray and outside Kercher's door frame, where he tried to push the door, but not inside the room nor on the body. Sollecito was sent to prison for years, and Knox for years. They both appealed their sentences. At the first appeal trial in , a man claimed to have seen Knox and Sollecito by a town square near the house that night, when other people were wearing costume masks, but Halloween had been nights earlier, not the night of the murder. The first appeal verdict was given on October , , and Knox and Sollecito were freed from prison on that date. In January , Amanda Knox and her prior lover Rafael Sollecito were again found guilty by the Italian higher court, which overturned the first appeal. Sollecito was stopped by Italian Police when he tried to cross the border with Austria, after the verdict. In March , at their fourth trial, Knox and Sollecito were acquitted of Kercher's murder by Italy's top appeal court. Despite being cleared of the murder charge, the guilty verdict against Knox for the slander of Patrick Lumumba a bar owner she falsely accused of the crime has been upheld. References births Living people American criminals People acquitted of murder Writers from Seattle, Washington
Insight is the act of understanding the inner nature of things. It is a type of comprehension or learning. It can be used in several ways. a piece of information. I have an insight into that problem.. the way you come to know something, a kind of learning. the answer to a question or problem. a sudden realization. the Eureka effect, named after Archimedes. This is also known as an epiphany. Higher intelligence (higher IQ) has also been found to be associated with better performance on insight problems. However, those of lower intelligence benefit more than those of higher intelligence from being provided with cues and hints for insight problems. References Cognition Problem solving Words
Margaret Ann "Peggy" Lipton (August , – May , ) was an American television actress. She played Julie Barnes in the series The Mod Squad in the late s and early s. She also played Norma Jennings in Twin Peaks. Some sources mention that she was born in while others say . She was born in New York City. She was married to Quincy Jones from until they divorced in . The couple had two daughters, actresses Kidada and Rashida Jones. Lipton died of colon cancer on May , in Los Angeles, California. She was . References Other websites births deaths Actors from New York City American movie actors American television actors Cancer deaths in Los Angeles Deaths from colorectal cancer
A Chinese radical (Chinese. 部首. pinyin. bùshǒu. "section header") is the part of a Chinese character used to list the character in a Chinese dictionary. The radical is usually a semantic indicator. a piece that gives hints to the reader about what the whole character means. Later, the term was given a second meaning, the 部首 (Pinyin. bùshǒu, Japanese bushu, Korean busu). This means "section header", which refers to the place where a character is listed in the dictionary. Radicals are typically simpler characters, or different variants of simpler characters, which combine with other radicals to make a more complex character. People can only make so many unique ideographs for the huge number of words and morphemes that make up a language. Combining already existing ideographs together to form a compound ideograph is a very convenient solution to make many more words. While there are thousands of Chinese characters (well over ,) that exist, it is said that nearly all characters used in daily life are made up of just radicals. One example of simpler characters combining to form a more complex one is the complex character 明 míng meaning "bright" or "tomorrow", which is made up of the radicals 日 rì meaning "sun" or "day" and 月 yuè meaning "moon" or "month", both of which are simple characters that can exist by themselves, and the putting together of sun 日 and moon 月 to make one character show that either the sun and moon pass before tomorrow comes, or that they are the bright objects in the sky that shine light on the earth. An example of characters with radicals that don't exist by themselves is the complex character 休 xìu meaning "to stop", “to cease” or "to rest", which is made up of the radical 亻, which is a variant of the simple character 人 rén meaning "person" or "human", though the variant never exists as by itself must therefore attach itself to another character to form a complete character, and the radical 木 mǔ meaning "wood" or "tree", hinting what a person might want to do after he/she ceases working (like lying on a tree). A more complex is the character 媽 mā meaning “mother” (shown right), in which the left part 女 nǚ meaning "woman" or "female" happens to be the semantic component, and also the section header under which dictionaries list the graph. However, not all section headers function in a particular character as the semantic component. Some are based on phonetics, or hint as the character's pronunciation, like the right part 馬 mǎ meaning "horse" of the character 媽. Although the meaning of the character 媽 has no clear, obvious connection to a horse, 馬 is included to help the reader remember its pronunciation. Other section headers are merely chosen for convenience of finding the character in a dictionary, and play neither a semantic nor a phonetic role, like 二 èr "two" in 亞 yà "second" or "inferior",亅 jué (no meaning) in 了 liào "past tense marker", and 一 yī "one" in 丁 dīng "fourth". These two meanings of “radical” are not synonymous, though they may coincide in a particular example, causing a lot of confusion. (For clarity, both semantic component and section header terms are used here.) The equivalents in cuneiform and Egyptian hieroglyphics are called determinatives. Chinese character components, whether semantic or phonetic in role, are the building blocks for all Chinese Hanzi as well as in the derived forms of Japanese Kanji, Korean Hanja, and Vietnamese Chữ nôm and Chữ nho. Since the Kangxi dictionary of was indexed using the Zìhuì section headers, the standard list thereof has remained unchanged. Section headers are foundationally important for the organisation and use of Hanzi, Kanji, and Hanja dictionaries. References Chinese language
The Sweden women's national handball team () represents Sweden on the women's side in handball. Sweden took a silver medal during the European championship in Denmark and Norway. References Handball in Sweden
Mario Yepes (born January ) is a Colombian retired footballer. He played as a defender. He played for Deportivo Cali, Cortuluá, River Plate, F.C. Nantes, Paris Saint Germain, ChievoVerona, A.C. Milan, Atalanta, San Lorenzo, and Colombia national team. When Yepes started his playing career in with Cortuluá, he was playing as a strikerbefore Cortulua's coach converted him to a defender. Club career statistics rowspan="" Cortuluá rowspan="" Primera A / / rowspan="" Deportivo Cali rowspan="" Primera A / rowspan="" River Plate rowspan="" Primera División / / / rowspan="" Nantes Atlantique Division / rowspan="" Ligue / / rowspan="" Paris Saint Germain rowspan="" Ligue / / / / rowspan="" ChievoVerona rowspan="" Serie A / } International career statistics .Total } Personal life Yepes is married to a Colombian woman named Carolina Villegas. Yepes and his wife have three children. His son Luciano Yepes was born in May , his second son Valentino Yepes was born in September , and his daughter Miranda Yepes was born in April . References births Living people Colombian footballers
Earth is the third planet of the solar system. It is the only planet known to have life on it. The Earth formed around . billion years ago. It is one of four rocky planets on the inside of the Solar System. The other three are Mercury, Venus, and Mars. The large mass of the Sun keeps the Earth in orbit, just as the mass of Earth keeps the moon moving around it. Earth also turns around in space, so that different parts face the Sun at different times. Earth goes around the Sun once (one year) for every times it turns around (one day). Earth is the only planet in the Solar System that has a large amount of liquid water on its surface. About % of the surface of Earth is covered by liquid or frozen water. Because of this, people sometimes call it the blue planet. Because of its water, Earth is home to millions of species of plants and animals which require water to survive. The things that live on Earth have changed its surface greatly. For example, early cyanobacteria changed the air and gave it oxygen. The living part of Earth's surface is called the "biosphere". Orbit and turning Earth is part of the eight planets and many thousands of small bodies that move around the Sun as its solar system. The Solar System is moving through the Orion Arm of the Milky Way galaxy now, and will be for about the next , years. Earth is about away from the Sun (this distance is called an "Astronomical Unit"). It moves on its orbit at an average speed of about . Earth turns all the way around about times in the time it takes for Earth to go all the way around the Sun. To make up this extra bit of a day every year, an additional day is used every four years. This is named a "leap year". The Moon goes around Earth at an average distance of . It is locked to Earth, so that it always has the same half facing Earth. the other half is called the "dark side of the moon". It takes about days for the Moon to go all the way around Earth, but because Earth is moving around the Sun at the same time, it takes about days for the Moon to go from dark to bright to dark again. This is where the word "month" came from, even though most months now have or days. History of Earth Earth and the other planets formed about . billion years ago. They were made of the leftover gas from the nebula that made the Sun. The Moon may have been formed after a collision between the early Earth and a smaller planet (sometimes called Theia). Scientists believe that parts of both planets broke off — becoming (by gravity) the Moon. Earth's water came from different places. Condensing water vapour, and comets and asteroids hitting Earth, made the oceans. Within a billion years (that is at about . billion years ago) the first life evolved, in the Archaean era. Some bacteria developed photosynthesis, which lets plants make food from the Sun's light and water. This released a lot of oxygen, which was first taken up by iron in solution. Eventually, free oxygen got into the atmosphere or air, making Earth's surface suitable for aerobic life (see Great Oxygenation Event). This oxygen also formed the ozone layer which protects Earth's surface from bad ultraviolet radiation from the Sun. Complex life on the surface of the land did not exist before the ozone layer. Earth's land and climate has been very different in the past. About to . million years ago almost all land was in one place. This is called a supercontinent. The earliest known supercontinent was called Vaalbara. Much later, there was a time (the Cryogenian) when Earth was almost entirely covered by thick ice sheets (glaciers). This is discussed as the Snowball Earth theory. What it is made of Earth is rocky. It is the largest of the rocky planets moving around the Sun by mass and by size. It is much smaller than the gas giants such as Jupiter. Chemical make up Overall, Earth is made of iron (.%), oxygen (.%), silicon (.%), magnesium (.%), sulfur (.%), nickel (.%), calcium (.%), and aluminium (.%). The .% left over is made of many different kinds of other chemicals. Chemicals that are very uncommon (such as gold and platinum) can be very valuable. The structure of Earth changes from the inside to the outside. The center of earth (Earth's core) is mostly iron (.%), nickel (.%), sulfur (.%), and less than % other things. The Earth's crust is largely oxygen (%). Oxygen is normally a gas but it can join with other chemicals to make compounds like water and rocks. .% of rocks have oxygen in them. The most common oxygen having rocks are silica (made with silicon), alumina (made with aluminium), rust (made with iron), lime (made with calcium), magnesia (made with magnesium), potash (made with potassium), and sodium oxide, and there are others as well. Shape Earth's shape is a spheroid. not quite a sphere because it is slightly squashed on the top and bottom. The shape is called an oblate spheroid. As Earth spins around itself, centrifugal force forces the equator out a little and pulls the poles in a little. The equator, around the middle of Earth's surface, is about long. The highest mountain above sea level—the well known Mount Everest (which is above sea level)—is not actually the one that is the farthest away from the center of the Earth. Instead, the sleeping volcano Mount Chimborazo in Ecuador is. it is only above sea level but it is almost at the equator. Because of this, Mount Chimborazo is from the center of the Earth, while Mount Everest is closer to it. Similarly, the lowest point below sea level that we are conscious of is the Challenger Deep in the Mariana Trench in the Pacific Ocean. It is about below sea level, but, again, there are probably places at the bottom of the Arctic Ocean that are nearer to the center of the Earth. Earth’s core The deepest hole ever dug is only about . We know something about the inside of the Earth, though, because we can learn things from earthquakes and the times when volcanoes erupt. We are able to see how quickly the shock waves move through Earth in different places. The inside of Earth is very different from the outside. Almost all of Earth's liquid water is in the seas or close to the surface. The surface also has a lot of oxygen, which comes from plants. Small and simple kinds of life can live far under the surface, but animals and plants only live on the surface or in the seas. The rocks on the surface of Earth (Earth's crust) are well known. They are thicker where there is land, between thick. Under the seas they are sometimes only thick. There are three groups of rocks that make up most of the Earth's crust. Some rock is made when the hot liquid rock comes from inside the earth (igneous rocks). another type of rock is made when sediment is laid down, usually under the sea (sedimentary rocks). and a third kind of rock is made when the other two are changed by very high temperature or pressure (metamorphic rocks). A very few rocks also fall out of the sky (meteorites). Below the crust is warm and almost liquid rock that is always moving around (the Earth's mantle). Then, there is a thin liquid layer of heated rock (the outer core). This is very hot. . The middle of the inside of the Earth would be liquid as well but all the weight of the rock above it pushes it back into being solid. This solid middle part (the inner core) is almost all iron. This is what makes the Earth magnetic. Pieces of the crust form plates The Earth's crust is solid but made of parts which move very slowly. The thin level of hard rock on the outside of the Earth rests on hot liquid material below it in the deeper mantle. This liquid material moves because it gets heat from the hot center of the earth. The slow movement of the plates is what causes earthquakes, volcanoes and large groups of mountains on the Earth. There are three ways plates can come together. Two plates can move towards each other ("convergent" plate edges). This can form islands (such as Japan), volcanoes, and high mountain ranges (such as the Andes and Himalayas). Two plates can move away from each other ("divergent" plate edges). This gives the warm liquid rock inside the earth a place to come out. This makes special mountain ranges below the sea or large low lands like Africa's Great Rift Valley. Plates are able to move beside each other as well ("transform" plate edges, such as the San Andreas Fault). This makes their edges crush against each other and makes many shocks as they move. Surface The outside of the Earth is not even. There are high places called mountains, and high flat places called plateaus. There are low places called valleys and canyons. For the most part, moving air and water from the sky and seas damages rocks in high places and breaks them into small pieces. The air and water then move these pieces to lower places. Because of this, the Earth would have been very flat a long time before now. The fundamental cause of the differences in the Earth's surface is plate tectonics. The shape of the entire planet itself is not even a ball. Because of its velocity, Earth has a slight bulge at the Equator. Other than that, Earth is shaped more like a pear than an actual sphere. All places on Earth are made of, or are on top of, rocks. The outside of the Earth is usually not uncovered rock. Over % of the Earth is covered by seas full of salty water. This salty water makes up about % of all Earth's water. The fresh water people can drink is mostly ice. Only a very small amount is in rivers and under the Earth for people to drink and use. The air above the Earth stops the water from going away into outer space. Also, much of the land on Earth is covered with plants, or with what is left from earlier living things. Places with very little rain are dry wastes called deserts. Deserts usually have few living things, but life is able to grow very quickly when these wastes have rainfall. Places with large amounts of rain may be large woods. Lately, people have changed the environment of the Earth a great deal. Air All around the Earth is a large amount of air (the atmosphere). The mass of the Earth pulls the gasses in the air down and does not let them go into outer space. The air is mostly made of nitrogen (about %) and oxygen (about %) but there are a few other gasses as well. Most living things need the air (or parts of the air gripped in the water) to breathe and live. They use the gasses—especially oxygen and carbon dioxide—to make and use sugar and to give themselves power. The air animals and plants use to live is only the first level of the air around the Earth (the troposphere). The day to day changes in this level of air are named weather. the changes between places far away from each other and from year to year are named the climate. Rain and storms are both in this level. Both come about because this part of the air gets colder as it goes up. Cold air becomes thicker and falls, and warm air becomes thinner and goes up. The turning Earth moves the air as well and air moves north and south because the middle of the Earth generally gets more power from the Sun and is warmer than the north and south points. At the same time, air over water (specially very warm water) gets water in it but, because cold air is not able to take in as much water, it starts to make clouds and rain as it gets colder. The way water moves around in a circle like this is called the water cycle. Above this first level, there are four other levels. The air gets colder as it goes up in the first level. in the second level (the stratosphere), the air gets warmer as it goes up. This level has a special kind of oxygen called ozone. The ozone in this air keeps living things safe from damaging rays from the Sun. The power from these rays is what makes this level warmer and warmer. The middle level (the mesosphere) gets colder and colder with height. the fourth level (the thermosphere) gets warmer and warmer. and the last level (the exosphere) is almost outer space and has very little air at all. It reaches about half the way to the Moon. The three outer levels have a lot of electric power moving through them. this is called the ionosphere and is important for radio and other electric waves in the air. It is also where the Northern Lights are. Even though air seems very light, the weight of all of the air above the outside of the Earth (air pressure) is important. Generally, from sea level to the top of the outer level of the air, a space of air one cm across has a mass of about . kg and a space of air one sq in across has a weight of about . lb. The mass of the air also keeps the Earth safe when rocks (meteorites) hit it from outer space. Without the air, the damage meteorites do would be much greater. Because of the air, meteorites generally burn up long before they get to the earth. The air also keeps the Earth warm, specially the half turned away from the Sun. Some gasses – especially methane and carbon dioxide – work like a blanket to keep things warm. In the past, the Earth has been much warmer and much colder than it is now. Since people have grown used to the heat we have now, though, we do not want the Earth to be too much warmer or colder. Most of the ways people create electric power use burning kinds of carbon—especially coal, oil, and natural gas. Burning these creates new carbon dioxide and can cause more warming. A large discussion is going on now about what people should do about the Earth's latest warming, which has gone on for about years. So far, this warming has been good for people. plants have grown better and the weather has been better than when it was colder before. Some people who learn about science, though, say that many bad things will possibly come about if the warming goes on. People About eight billion people live on Earth. They live in about different lands called countries. Some, for example, Russia, are large with many large cities. Others, for example, Vatican City, are small. The five countries with the most people are China, India, the United States, Indonesia, and Brazil. About % of people live in the north half of the world, which has most of the land. Scientists think that people originally came from Africa. Now, % of all people do not live in Africa but in Europe and Asia. People change the Earth in many ways. They have been able to grow plants for food and clothes for about ten thousand years. When there was enough food, they were able to build towns and cities. Near these places, men and women were able to change rivers, bring water to farms, and stop floods (rising water) from coming over their land. People found useful animals and bred them so they were easier to keep. Gallery Related pages Formation and evolution of the Solar System Age of the Earth Geology List of planets Solar System Structure of the Earth References Other websites ("WP discussion") Geology Geography Astronomical objects Planets Terrestrial planets
Miguel Ángel Gutiérrez Machado ( March – December ) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the National Action Party. From to , he was Deputy of the Mexican Congress from Yucatán. Gutiérrez Machado died at age from COVID , during the pandemic in Mexico. References births deaths Mexican politicians Deaths from the COVID pandemic in Mexico
Crypto.com Arena, originally known as Staples Center, is an indoor multi purpose arena in downtown Los Angeles, California. It is home to three basketball teams—the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Clippers of the NBA and Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA—plus the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL in ice hockey. They have the Grammy Awards here every year. The building hosted World Wrestling Entertainment's pay per view WrestleMania in . On December , , the arena was renamed Crypto.com Arena, for a Singapore based cryptocurrency exchange that bought the naming rights. Home teams Los Angeles Kings (NHL) Los Angeles Clippers (NBA) Los Angeles Lakers (NBA) Los Angeles Sparks (WNBA) Notes Sports buildings in Los Angeles WrestleMania host Los Angeles Kings
The Pacific hurricane season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation. It officially began May , in the eastern Pacific, designated as the area east of °W, and began on June , in the central Pacific, which is between the International Date Line and °W. Both seasons officially ended on November , . These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the eastern Pacific basin. Storms Hurricane Pali Tropical Depression One E Tropical Storm Agatha Hurricane Blas Hurricane Celia Hurricane Darby Tropical Storm Estelle Hurricane Frank Hurricane Georgette Tropical Storm Howard Tropical Storm Ivette Tropical Storm Javier Tropical Storm Kay Hurricane Lester Hurricane Madeline Hurricane Newton Hurricane Orlene Hurricane Paine Tropical Storm Roslyn Hurricane Ulika Hurricane Seymour Tropical Storm Tina Tropical Storm Otto Related pages Atlantic hurricane season Other websites National Hurricane Center's Eastern Pacific Tropical Weather Outlook updated four times daily National Hurricane Center National Hurricane Center's Advisory Archive Central Pacific Hurricane Center Pacific hurricane season Pacific hurricane seasons
The main sequence is a region on a Hertzsprung Russell Diagram where most stars appear. Any star that is plotted in that area is a main sequence star. The Sun is a main sequence star. Most of the stars in the Milky Way galaxy and most other galaxies are also main sequence stars. This is because stars on the main sequence are highly stable, so they remain there a long time. Hertzsprung Russell diagrams are graphs that measure each star's brightness against its temperature or color. The main sequence appears as a band going from the upper left (hot and bright) to the lower right (cooler and less bright). You can see an example of the band of main sequence stars to the right. Stars are created from nebula and first appear on the main sequence. They stay on the main sequence for millions or billions of years. When a star begins to run out of fuel, it gets much bigger and colder and turns into a red giant. After this happens, the star is no longer on the main sequence. It does not spend so much time in its red giant phase. In general, the hottest and brightest stars (in the upper left of the Hertzsprung Russell diagram) also have the most mass. The main sequence is sometimes divided into two parts. Any star that has a mass greater than . times the Sun's mass is grouped into the upper main sequence. any star with a mass lower than . solar masses belongs to the lower main sequence. Stars get the energy they produce through nuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium. The upper main sequence (hot and bright with the most mass) produces energy by one type of nuclear fusion involving only hydrogen and helium. The lower main sequence (cooler and less bright with a lower mass) produces energy by another type of nuclear fusion. This type uses other elements (for example, carbon, nitrogen and oxygen) with higher atomic numbers as nuclear catalysts. Because of these different types of fusion, stars on the lower main sequence last much longer than stars on the upper main sequence. Our Sun is located on the lower main sequence and is predicted to last between and billion years. A star located on the upper main sequence may only last a few million years. Nowadays, a new star may be classified as main sequence just by its color. A main sequence star of a particular color has a narrow band of brightness when seen from a standard distance. An astronomer could calculate the distance to this newly discovered star by comparing its brightness as seen from Earth against the brightness for a certain color on the main sequence. Astrophysics Types of stars
Joaquim Molins i Amat ( February – July ) was a Spanish politician. He was born in Barcelona. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies (– and again from –) and Parliament of Catalonia (–). Molins died in Barcelona on July of pancreatic cancer at the age of . References Other websites Información de Joaquim Molins en el Congreso de los Diputados births deaths Deaths from pancreatic cancer Cancer deaths in Spain Spanish politicians People from Barcelona
Inniswold is an unincorporated community and census designated place (CDP) in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States. Census designated places in Louisiana
Tvååker is the second largest locality in Varberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In , , people lived there. It is located circa kilometers southeast of Varberg. References Settlements in Halland County
An after school special is a type of American television program intended to be viewed by adolescents when they return home from school, usually at about . pm. It was started by the American Broadcasting Company in . Its rival, CBS, also put out an after school special show titled Schoolbreak Specials in . Television programs
The arrondissement of Mont de Marsan is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Landes département in the Nouvelle Aquitaine region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Mont de Marsan. History When the Landes department was created on February , the arrondissement of Mont de Marsan was part of that original department. Geography The arrondissement of Mont de Marsan is the northernmost of the arrondissements of the department, with an area of , the largest of the department. It has , inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km². The arrondissement is bordered to the north by the Gironde department, to the northeast by the Lot et Garonne department, to the east by the Gers department (Occitanie region), to the south by the Pyrénées Atlantiques department and to the west by the arrondissement of Dax and the Atlantic Ocean. Composition Cantons After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the arrondissements so they could have communes that belong to different arrondissements. In the arrondissement of Mont de Marsan, there are two canton where not all their "communes" are in the arrondissement. Côte d'Argent and Pays morcenais tarusate. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and arrondissements. Communes The arrondissement of Mont de Marsan has communes. they are (with their INSEE codes). Aire sur l'Adour () Arboucave () Arengosse () Argelouse () Arjuzanx () Artassenx () Arthez d'Armagnac () Arue () Arx () Aubagnan () Audignon () Aureilhan () Aurice () Bahus Soubiran () Banos () Bas Mauco () Bascons () Bats () Baudignan () Belhade () Benquet () Betbezer d'Armagnac () Bias () Biscarrosse () Bordères et Lamensans () Bostens () Bougue () Bourdalat () Bourriot Bergonce () Bretagne de Marsan () Brocas () Buanes () Bélis () Cachen () Callen () Campagne () Campet et Lamolère () Canenx et Réaut () Castandet () Castelnau Tursan () Castelner () Cauna () Cazalis () Cazères sur l'Adour () Classun () Clèdes () Commensacq () Coudures () Créon d'Armagnac () Cère () Duhort Bachen () Dumes () Escalans () Escource () Estigarde () Eugénie les Bains () Eyres Moncube () Fargues () Gabarret () Gaillères () Garein () Garrosse () Gastes () Geaune () Geloux () Grenade sur l'Adour () Hagetmau () Haut Mauco () Herré () Hontanx () Horsarrieu () Labastide Chalosse () Labastide d'Armagnac () Labouheyre () Labrit () Lacajunte () Lacquy () Lacrabe () Laglorieuse () Lagrange () Larrivière Saint Savin () Latrille () Lauret () Le Frêche () Le Sen () Le Vignau () Lencouacq () Lesperon () Liposthey () Losse () Lubbon () Lucbardez et Bargues () Luglon () Lussagnet () Luxey () Lüe () Maillas () Maillères () Mano () Mant () Mauries () Maurrin () Mauvezin d'Armagnac () Mazerolles () Mimizan () Miramont Sensacq () Momuy () Monget () Monségur () Mont de Marsan () Montaut () Montgaillard () Montsoué () Montégut () Morcenx () Morganx () Moustey () Mézos () Onesse et Laharie () Ousse Suzan () Parentis en Born () Parleboscq () Payros Cazautets () Perquie () Peyre () Philondenx () Pimbo () Pissos () Pontenx les Forges () Poudenx () Pouydesseaux () Pujo le Plan () Puyol Cazalet () Pécorade () Renung () Retjons () Rimbez et Baudiets () Roquefort () Sabres () Saint Agnet () Saint Avit () Saint Cricq Chalosse () Saint Cricq Villeneuve () Saint Gein () Saint Gor () Saint Julien d'Armagnac () Saint Justin () Saint Loubouer () Saint Martin d'Oney () Saint Maurice sur Adour () Saint Paul en Born () Saint Perdon () Saint Pierre du Mont () Saint Sever () Sainte Colombe () Sainte Eulalie en Born () Sainte Foy () Samadet () Sanguinet () Sarbazan () Sarraziet () Sarron () Saugnacq et Muret () Serres Gaston () Serreslous et Arribans () Sindères () Solférino () Sorbets () Sore () Trensacq () Uchacq et Parentis () Urgons () Vert () Vielle Soubiran () Vielle Tursan () Villeneuve de Marsan () Ychoux () Ygos Saint Saturnin () The communes in the arrondissement with more inhabitants are. Related pages Arrondissements of the Landes department Communes of the Landes department References Mont de Marsan
Karen Dawisha (December , – April , ) was an American political scientist and writer. She was a professor in the Department of Political Science at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, and the director of The Havighurst Center for Russian and Post Soviet Studies. Dawisha died in Oxford, Ohio on April , of cardiac arrest at the age of . References births deaths Deaths from cardiac arrest American political scientists American political writers Educators from Colorado Writers from Colorado Writers from Ohio People from Pueblo, Colorado
Jersey is a city in the US state of Arkansas. Cities in Arkansas
Noraduz cemetery () is a medieval cemetery with many ancient khachkars in the village of Noraduz, Gegharkunik marz near Gavar and Lake Sevan, km north of Yerevan. Many tombstones in the cemetery show carved scenes of weddings and farm life. Khachkars The oldest khachkars in the cemetery go back to the late th century. During the revival of the khachkar tradition in the th centuries many khachkars were built under the yoke of the Safavid Empire when oriental influences seeped into Armenian art. Three master carvers from this period carved khachkars in Noraduz, the most notable of whom was Kiram Kazmogh ( ), his contemporaries were Arakel and Meliset. Folklore A popular folktale involving the cemetery concerns the invading army of Tamerlane. According to one story the villagers placed helmets on top of the khachkars and leaned swords against them. From a distance the khachkars looked like armed soldiers holding a defensive position as a result of which Tamerlane’s army retreated. Related pages Khachkar Other websites Noratus Cemetery at ArmeniaPedia.org Buildings and structures in Armenia Cemeteries Establishments in Armenia
Mischii is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania. References Mischii
Kirchbach () is a market town in the district of Hermagor in the Austrian state of Carinthia. References Other websites Settlements in Carinthia (state)
Bovelles is a commune. It is in Hauts de France in the Somme department in north France. In , people lived there. Geography The commune is about west of Amiens. References Communes in Somme
Wiesmoor is a town in Aurich in the northwest of Lower Saxony. Geography Wiesmoor is about  km inland from the North Sea in the North West of Germany in the centre of the historic district East Frisia. The city of Wiesmoor and its surroundings have a population of between , and , people. The most South Easterly community in the Landkreis of Aurich Wiesmoor is centrally within the East Frisian peninsula. The city is in the district Aurich. In the East, the city borders with the Friedeburg in Wittmund, in the south with Uplengen in Leer. West of Wiesmoor is the village of Großefehn is and to the North of that the city of Aurich, both in the district of Aurich. The closest large cities to Wiesmoor are Wilhelmshaven ( km to the North East), Oldenburg ( km to the South East), Bremen ( km to the South East) as well as the Dutch city of Groningen ( km to the South West). References Other websites Official site Wiesmoor info Wiesmoor in Nordwest Travel Magazin Wiesmoor forum Towns and villages in East Frisia Aurich (district)
Reed Richards (also known as Mister Fantastic) is a fictional character, a Marvel Comics superhero created by writer Stan Lee and artist/co writer Jack Kirby. The character first appeared in Fantastic Four # in November . Like the other founding members of the Fantastic Four, Reed received his powers after being exposed to a cosmic storm. His primary power is to stretch his body to lengths. He is also the Invisible Woman's husband. He has been adapted into motion pictures and is played by Ioan Gruffudd and Miles Teller. Portrayals Reed has been portrayed by Ioan Gruffudd in the Tim Story movies and the video game. Characters created by Stan Lee Fantastic Four Fictional characters introduced in Marvel Comics characters Marvel Comics mutates
Corbie is a commune. It is in Hauts de France in the Somme department in north France. Communes in Somme
Budaun () (also spelled as Badaun) is a city and Vidhan Sabha seat of Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India. According to Census of India, the population of the city is , out of , are males and , are female. It is Kilometers away from capital of India Delhi. Kumar Prashant is the current district magistrate of the city, appointed in . History According to Prof. Goti John Budaun city was earlier known as Bedamooth and it is mentioned in an ancient inscription (stone writeup) which is now in Lucknow Museum. At that time this city was known as Panchal. According to a line of that Stone Writeup, there was a village named Bhadaunlak near it. Geographic Location Geographically Budaun city is located near Holy River Ganga, at Lattitude Degree Minute Second East and Longitude Degree Minute Second North on Globe. The length of the district is Km. & Width is Km. References Other websites Official Website Districts of Uttar Pradesh Cities and towns in Uttar Pradesh
Alexandra Ruth Shipp (born July , ) is an American actress, singer songwriter and musician. She is known for playing singer Aaliyah in the Lifetime television movie Aaliyah. The Princess of R&B () and Kimberly Woodruff in the Oscar nominated movie Straight Outta Compton (). Shipp is best known for playing Storm in the X Men franchise, starting with X Men. Apocalypse, and Abby Suso in the romantic comedy Love, Simon. References births Living people American movie actors American television actors American voice actors American singer songwriters Singers from Phoenix, Arizona Actors from Phoenix, Arizona Musicians from Phoenix, Arizona Writers from Phoenix, Arizona
Katie Green (born on August in Chichester, West Sussex) is an English model. She is known for not listening to her modeling agencies, and remaining "heavier" than the modeling standards. She continues to model to this day. References births English models Living people
Kim Cheong gi (born April , ) is a South Korean director of animated, fantasy, and science fiction themed films. His most well known work, Robot Taekwon V (), is considered one of the milestones of Korean animation. With actor Shim Hyung rae, he created the Ureme series, one of the more popular Korean children's series of the late s. Partial filmography Robot Taekwon V (animated) () Robot Taekwon V (로보트 태권 V 탄. 수중특공대) (animated) () Golden Wing (황금날개 ) (animated) () Run, Wonder Princess. (날아라 원더공주) () Tale of Three Kingdoms (삼국지) (animated) () Super Taekwon V (수퍼 태권브이) (animated) () Ureme from the Outside (우뢰매 = 'Wuroemae,' or 'Ureme,' 'Uremae,' 'Uroi mae,' etc.) (외계에서 온 우뢰매) () Space Gundam V (animated) (), Robot Legion and Mecha (), Tori and Zeta Robot () Ureme from the Outside, Part II () Ureme Operation of Alien Uremae () Ureme . Thunder V Operation () Robot Taekwon V and Golden Wing (, animated) Super Hong Gil Dong (슈퍼 홍길동) () New Machine Uremae () Guru Kong cho and Super Hong Kil Dong (공초도사와 슈퍼 홍길동 제탄) () Bioman (바이오맨) () The Third Generation Uremae () Super Hong Kil Dong (슈퍼 홍길동 ) () Samtos and Daengki Ddoli (삼토스와 댕기똘이) () Robot Tae Kwon V (로보트 태권브이 ) () Ureme . The Return of Ureme Ulemae . Dolaon Ulemae () Gag Unit Robot Twins (개그특공대 로봇트윈스) () Ureme () Queen Esther (왕후 에스더) () Lim Keok Jeon, Korean Robin Hood (의적 임꺽정) () Kwanggeto Taewang (The Great Emperor) (animated) () births Living people South Korean movie directors
The Chera dynasty (Tamil. சேரர் Malayalam. േചര ) was one of the ancient Tamil dynasties who ruled the southern India from ancient times until around the fifteenth century CE. The Early Cheras ruled over the Malabar Coast, Coimbatore, Karur and Salem Districts in South India, which now forms part of the modern day Kerala and Tamil Nadu states of India. Royal dynasties Dynasties in India Dynasties in Tamil Nadu
The BSFA Awards are prizes given every year by the British Science Fiction Association (BSFA). The prize is for excellent works of science fiction. The first BSFA Award was given in . Prizes are given for works from the year before the award is given. At first, the award was only for novels. Categories for short works and artwork were added in . Awards for media were given from to . In , the BSFA Award started to be given for nonfiction too. Members of the BSFA vote for the nominees who may win an award and then for the final winners. Recently members of Eastercon also vote. Novel. Stand on Zanzibar by John Brunner Novel. The Jagged Orbit by John Brunner Collection. The Moment of Eclipse by Brian W. Aldiss No award–insufficient votes. Novel. Rendezvous with Rama by Arthur C. Clarke Special Award. Billion Year Spree by Brian W. Aldiss Novel. Inverted World by Christopher Priest Novel. Orbitsville by Bob Shaw Novel. Brontomek. by Michael G. Coney Special Award. A Pictorial History of Science Fiction by David Kyle Novel. The Jonah Kit by Ian Watson Novel. A Scanner Darkly by Philip K. Dick Collection. Deathbird Stories by Harlan Ellison Media. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (original radio series) – Douglas Adams Novel. The Unlimited Dream Company by J. G. Ballard Short. "Palely Loitering" by Christopher Priest (F&SF) Media. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy record Artist. Jim Burns Novel. Timescape by Gregory Benford Short. "The Brave Little Toaster" by Thomas M. Disch (F&SF) Media. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy second radio series – Douglas Adams Artist. Peter Jones Novel. The Shadow of the Torturer by Gene Wolfe Short. "Mythago Wood" by Robert Holdstock (F&SF) Media. Time Bandits Artist. Bruce Pennington Novel. Helliconia Spring by Brian W. Aldiss Short. "Kitemaster" by Keith Roberts (Interzone) Media. Blade Runner Artist. Tim White Novel. Tik Tok by John Sladek Short. "After Images" by Malcolm Edwards (Interzone) Media. Android Artist. Bruce Pennington Novel. Mythago Wood by Robert Holdstock Short. "The Unconquered Country" by Geoff Ryman (Interzone) Media. The Company of Wolves Artist. Jim Burns Novel. Helliconia Winter by Brian W. Aldiss Short. "Cube Root" by David Langford (Interzone) Media. Brazil Artist. Jim Burns Novel. The Ragged Astronauts by Bob Shaw Short. "Kaeti and the Hangman" by Keith Roberts (in collection Kaeti & Company) Media. Aliens Artist. Keith Roberts Novel. Grainne by Keith Roberts Short. "Love Sickness" by Geoff Ryman (Interzone) Media. Star Cops Artist. Jim Burns Novel. Lavondyss by Robert Holdstock Short. "Dark Night in Toyland" by Bob Shaw (Interzone) Media. Who Framed Roger Rabbit Artist. Alan Lee Novel. Pyramids by Terry Pratchett Short. "In Translation" by Lisa Tuttle (Zenith) Media. Red Dwarf Artist. Jim Burns Novel. Take Back Plenty by Colin Greenland Short. "The Original Doctor Shade" by Kim Newman (Interzone) Media. Twin Peaks Artist. Ian Miller Novel. The Fall of Hyperion by Dan Simmons Short. "Bad Timing" by Molly Brown (Interzone) Media. Terminator . Judgment Day Artwork. Mark Harrison Novel. Red Mars by Kim Stanley Robinson Short. "Innocent" by Ian McDonald (New Worlds ) Artwork. Jim Burns Novel. Aztec Century by Christopher Evans Short. "The Ragthorn" by Robert Holdstock and Garry Kilworth (Interzone) Artwork. Jim Burns Special Award. The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction ed. John Clute and Peter Nicholls Novel. Feersum Endjinn by Iain M. Banks Short. "The Double Felix" by Paul di Filippo (Interzone) Artwork. Jim Burns Novel. The Time Ships by Stephen Baxter Short. "The Hunger and Ecstasy of Vampires" by Brian Stableford (shorter version, Interzone /) Artwork. Jim Burns (cover for Seasons of Plenty) Novel. Excession by Iain M. Banks Short. "A Crab Must Try" by Barrington J. Bayley (Interzone ) Artwork. Jim Burns (cover for Ancient Shores) Novel. The Sparrow by Mary Doria Russell Short. "War Birds" by Stephen Baxter (Interzone ) Artwork. SMS ('The Black Blood of the Dead' cover Interzone ) Novel. The Extremes, by Christopher Priest Short. "La Cenerentola" by Gwyneth Jones (Interzone ) Artwork. Jim Burns, 'Lord Prestimion' (cover, Interzone ) Novel. The Sky Road by Ken MacLeod Short. "Hunting the Slarque" by Eric Brown (Interzone ) Artwork. Jim Burns, Darwinia (cover of Darwinia, Robert Charles Wilson) Novel. Ash. A Secret History by Mary Gentle Short. "The Suspect Genome" by Peter F. Hamilton (Interzone ) Artwork. Hideaway – Dominic Harman (Cover, Interzone ) Novel. Chasm City by Alastair Reynolds Short Story. "Children of Winter" by Eric Brown (Interzone ) Artwork. cover of Omegatropic by Colin Odell Non fiction. Omegatropic by Stephen Baxter Novel. The Separation by Christopher Priest Short Fiction. Coraline by Neil Gaiman Artwork. cover, Interzone by Dominic Harman Related Publication. Introduction to Maps. The Uncollected John Sladek by David Langford Novel. Felaheen by Jon Courtenay Grimwood Short Fiction. The Wolves in the Walls by Neil Gaiman & Dave McKean Artwork. cover, The True Knowledge of Ken MacLeod by Colin Odell Non fiction. Reading Science Fiction by Farah Mendlesohn Novel. River of Gods by Ian McDonald Short Fiction. Mayflower II by Stephen Baxter Artwork. cover, Newton's Wake by Stephan Martinière (US Edition) Novel. Air by Geoff Ryman Short Fiction. Magic for Beginners by Kelly Link Artwork. cover, Interzone # by Pawel Lewandowski Non fiction Award. Soundings. Reviews by Gary K. Wolfe Novel. End of the World Blues by Jon Courtenay Grimwood Short Fiction. The Djinn's Wife by Ian McDonald Artwork. cover, Time Pieces Angelbot by Christopher "Fangorn" Baker Novel. Brasyl by Ian McDonald Short Fiction. Lighting Out by Ken MacLeod Artwork. Cracked World, cover of disLocations, by Andy Bigwood Novel. The Night Sessions by Ken MacLeod Short Fiction. Exhalation by Ted Chiang Artwork. cover of Subterfuge by Andy Bigwood Non fiction. Rhetorics of Fantasy by Farah Mendlesohn Novel. The City and the City by China Mieville Short Fiction. The Beloved Time of Their Lives by Ian Watson and Roberto Quaglia Artwork. cover of Desolation Road by Stephen Martiniere Non fiction. Mutant Popcorn by Nick Lowe Other websites BSFA website List of all winning and nominated novels Science fiction awards Literary awards Lists of books
Latin poetry is the poetry of Ancient Rome. They started by adapting Greek models. The verse comedies of Plautus are the earliest surviving examples of Latin literature. They were probably composed around – BC. There was a play written by a Greek slave, Livius Andronicus, at Rome in BC. Livius translated Greek comedy for Roman audiences. He used metres that were those of Greek drama, but modified to the needs of Latin. His successors, Plautus and Terence, continued this process. The traditional metre of Greek epic poetry, the dactylic hexameter, was introduced into Latin literature by Ennius (– BC). Ennius provided a model for the later 'classical' poets such as Virgil and Ovid. Horace (who was a contemporary of Virgil) wrote verses in dactylic hexameter. They were in a conversational style, as if writing a letter. Virgil's hexameters are regarded as "the supreme metrical system of Latin literature". References Poetry Ancient Rome
is a former Japanese football player. She played for the Japan national team. Biography Watanabe was born on July , . She played for Fujita Tendai SC Mercury. On June , , when Watanabe was years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played at AFC Championship and Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan for World Cup. She played games and scored goals for Japan until . Statistics References Other websites births Living people Japanese footballers Japan women's international footballers Nadeshiko League players Fujita SC Mercury players FIFA Women's World Cup players AFC Women's Championship players Footballers at the Asian Games Asian Games medalists in football Asian Games silver medalists for Japan Medalists at the Asian Games
David Andrew Ipp AO QC ( – October ) was a South African born Australian lawyer and politician. He was the Commissioner of the NSW Independent Commission Against Corruption between and . Between to , he was a judge of the Supreme Court of Western Australia. Ipp was born in Johannesburg. Ipp died in Sydney on October at the age of . References births deaths South African politicians Australian judges Australian lawyers Naturalised citizens of Australia Politicians from New South Wales People from Johannesburg
Haley Reeves Barbour (born October , ) is an American politician. He was the governor of Mississippi from to . He was mentioned as a possible candidate for President of the United States in the . In April , Barbour said he will not run for president. Early years Barbour was born in Yazoo City, Mississippi, where he was raised as the youngest of three sons of Grace LeFlore (née Johnson) and Jeptha Fowlkes Barbour, Jr. Haley's father, a lawyer, died when Barbour was two years old. Barbour's father who was a Circuit Judge had an inmate to assist him when Judge Barbour became ill. Leon Turner, who was given a posthumous pardon by Barbour in the closing days of his administration, had helped to raise him. References Other websites Haley Barbour's official website births Living people Businesspeople from Mississippi US Republican Party politicians People from Yazoo City, Mississippi Governors of Mississippi st century American politicians
Video is a technology. It records moving images onto some medium. The recorder may be a separate machine such as a videocassette recorder (also called a VCR) or built into something else such as a video camera. A popular th century videotape format was VHS. It was used by many people to record television programmes onto cassettes. This is usually an analog format. In the st century digital recording is used more often than analog recording. By extension, a video clip is a short movie. A music video usually stars someone who recorded an (audio) album. One purpose is to promote the album. Technology
The Digital Visual Interface (or DVI) is a video interface standard. It is used to send video between a source (such as a personal computer) and a display (such as a monitor). This interface cannot be used to transmit audio unless it is connected to a High Definition Multimedia Interface (HDMI) converter. HDMI and DVI use the same protocol for signalling, named Transition minimized differential signaling. The DVI standard has is widely used in the personal computer industry. Many desktop personal computers and monitors can use it. Most desktop personal computers and liquid crystal display (LCD) monitors sold in stores today have more than one video interface, including DVI. Many other devices (such as projectors and televisions) can use DVI as part of HDMI. HDMI is a newer video interface standard. Many laptops still have an old fashioned VGA connector. Many models in the s have HDMI ports. Fewer laptops have DVI. DVI was created by the Digital Display Working Group (DDWG). It was created to replace the "legacy analog technology" VGA connector standard. DVI is designed to carry uncompressed digital video data to a display. It works very well with the HDMI standard in digital mode (DVI D), and VGA in analog mode (DVI A). It is also found in some television sets even though it has been widely replaced by HDMI. References Computer hardware Computer graphics Electrical connectors
 (MXXI) was a common year when the Julian calendar was used. It was the twenty first year of the nd millennium and the th century. Events The Moorish taifa (state) of Valencia (in modern Spain) becomes independent, after being ruled by Slavic soldiers for about ten years. Senekerim Hovhannes Artsruni, king of Vaspurakan (Greater Armenia), surrenders his kingdom to the Byzantine Empire. He receives in return Sebasteia and becomes governor of Cappadocia. References
Bellenberg is a municipality in Neu Ulm in Bavaria in Germany. References Neu Ulm (district)
Boncourt can mean. Boncourt, Aisne, in the Aisne department Boncourt, Eure, in the Eure department Boncourt, Eure et Loir, in the Eure et Loir department Boncourt, Meurthe et Moselle, in the Meurthe et Moselle department Boncourt le Bois, in the Côte d'Or department Boncourt sur Meuse, in the Meuse department Boncourt, Switzerland, a municipality in the canton of Jura, Switzerland
Nusa Lembongan is an island to the southeast of Bali, Indonesia at . It's area is about square kilometers and there are about , people living on the island year round. It is part of a group of three islands called Pulau Penida. This island group is part of the Lesser Sunda Islands. This island group is on the western side of the Wallace Line. This line marks a change in animals and plants. To the east of this line, the ecology changes to become Australasian. Tourism is the most important part of the economy of the island. Most tourist development is on the western side of the island at Mushroom Bay and Jungut Batu. Most local residents live in the central village of Nusa Lembongan. The other major industry is seaweed farming along the southwest coast between Nusa Lembongan and Nusa Cenignan. References Other websites Bali Lesser Sunda Islands
Saint Martin de Queyrières is a commune in the Hautes Alpes department. References Communes in Hautes Alpes
Grove is a city in the state of Oklahoma in the United States. Cities in Oklahoma
Kenji Takagi (born May ) is a former Japanese football player. Club career statistics rowspan="" Gamba Osaka rowspan="" J. League colspan="" Oita Trinity Football League colspan="" rowspan="" Sagan Tosu rowspan="" J. League colspan="" } References births Living people Footballers from Kyoto Prefecture
Oriental Orthodoxy means the group of Eastern Christian Churches that accept only the first three ecumenical councils — the First Council of Nicaea, the First Council of Constantinople and the Council of Ephesus — and do not accept the dogmatic definitions of the Council of Chalcedon. These Churches are also called Old Oriental Churches. Oriental Orthodox churches are different from the churches that call themselves Eastern Orthodoxy. The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria is the spiritual leader of the Oriental Orthodox Churches. This is because the Pope of Alexandria is also Patriarch of all Africa on the Holy See of St. Mark the Apostle. The spiritual leadership is not understood in the same sense as among the Eastern Orthodox Churches to the Church of Constantinople. It is in the spirit of respect and honour for the Apostolic Throne of Alexandria. It does not give any special rights to the Church of Alexandria. History The schism (division) between Great Church Orthodox and Catholic and the Oriental Orthodox Churches happened in the th century after the Council of Chalcedon. Bibliography Betts, Robert B., Christians in the Arab East, Lycabbetus Press (Athens, ) Charles, R. H. The Chronicle of John, Bishop of Nikiu. Translated from Zotenberg's Ethiopic Text, . Reprinted . Evolution Publishing, . References Other websites Website on the unity between Oriental and Eastern Orthodox Churches
The World's Columbian Exposition (the official shortened name for the World's Fair. Columbian Exposition, also known as The Chicago World's Fair) was a World's Fair held in Chicago in to celebrate the th anniversary of Christopher Columbus' arrival in the New World in . Chicago won the honor of hosting the fair and defeated New York City. Washington, D.C.. and St. Louis of hosting the fair. The fair was an influential social and cultural event. At the fair many inventors such as Thomas Edison, Milton S. Hershey, Nikola Tesla, George Ferris, and Marshall Field were there. Many other famous people were there too such as President Grover Cleveland, Mark Twain, Buffalo Bill, Sitting Bull, Scott Joplin, Mayor Carter Harrison, Sr., and Daniel Burnham. The exposition was where many famous inventions were first presented and many modern items such as the Ferris wheel, Quaker Oats, Hershey's, the Frontier thesis was presented, and the United States Mint, in the United States of America, offered its first commemorative coins. s in Illinois th century in Chicago
Hedonic adaptation is the idea that humans get used to good and bad events over time. Good and bad events change happiness in the moment, but people get used to them. This is called adaptation. Because of adaptation, happiness usually stays the same over time. Hedonic adaptation is also called the hedonic treadmill. Looking for good events will only make a person adapt to them, leading them to want more. Origins Hedonic adaption was developed in . Scientists found that lottery winners were not happier than those who did not win. Also, those who could not walk were not much less happy than those who could. Newer studies show the same. For example, a year long study shows that married people in Germany were much more happy after marriage, but only for a short period of time. By the second year, their happiness was the same as before they got married. These studies show that it may not be possible to increase happiness for a long period of time. Mechanisms Hedonic adaptation contains two important ideas. First, how people feel about an event depends on how they feel before it happened. This means that good events make people happy in the moment. But over time, because they are already happy, their happiness does not change. Second, happiness usually returns to a point that stays the same. This is how people get used to events over time. Scientists thought that happiness returns to a neutral point. where a person is not happy nor sad. However, new studies show that most people are happy most of the time. So, happiness returns to a point where the person is happy. This point is different for everyone. How happy a person is may depend on personality. how a person usually acts and feels. This can come from their parents. Hedonic adaptation comes from cognitive changes. changes in how a person thinks. These changes are what a person likes and wants, and what they do and do not think about. Thinking about an event less is the main way adaptation happens. Hedonic adaptation also comes from neurochemical changes. changes in the brain that make good and bad feelings less strong. However, people do not get used to all events. Most studies show that people usually adapt to good events quickly and completely. Their happiness returns to exactly where it was before the event soon after the it happens. However, some strong or long lasting bad events, such as losing a job or partner, result in less adaptation. Happiness may not completely return to its point before the event. In some situations, it may decrease. Functions Protection From an evolutionary position, hedonic adaptation is useful. It helps control the effects of bad events. It makes bad events less strong. This protects people from difficult situations and helps them survive in the present. Some effects of bad events are helpful. They tell us what is important. For example, hunger, thirst and pain. Other effects can be dangerous. Long periods of fear and worry for example, can harm the body and the mind, leading to disease and illness. Hedonic adaptation is a part of the “psychological immune system”. It protects people from dangers to their health. This often happens unconsciously, without the person knowing. Perception Hedonic adaptation can change the way people see their situation. As bad events become less strong, people are more likely to make changes to better the situation. For example, the death of a partner can make people very sad. They see no way to make the situation better. However, adaptation helps people see what can be changed. They may try to prevent a similar event from happening. This helps people learn from past events to survive in the present. Applications Treadmill effect Good events make people happy in the moment. But not for long. People look for other things to stay happy. People get used to them too. This treadmill effect means that the more a person gets, the more they want. This makes staying happy hard. Quality of decision making A person who is not used to an event often thinks it is more important than it really is. For example, healthy people think unhealthy people are less happy than they really are. People who are not used an event can think jobs, marriage, and where they live will affect their happiness more than it really will. Moral values Being used to an event may change what people think is right and wrong. For example, people in the Milgram experiment were asked to harm another person multiple times. Each time was more harmful than the last. When people become used to harming others, they may no longer think that it is wrong. Prevention There are ways to prevent hedonic adaptation. For example, the Hedonic Adaptation Prevention Model (HAP) says that variety and appreciation can make happiness last. Variety is when happiness comes at a surprise even after the event has happened. The surprise makes getting used to the event difficult. This keeps happiness high. It also stops people from wanting more. Appreciation is when a person is happy with what they have. They know that they may lose it. This is the opposite of adaptation. By being appreciative, people are reminded of the good event. Thinking about it makes happiness continue. Giving something up and getting it back can also prevent hedonic adaptation and make happiness last. Critical views Areas of Happiness Hedonic adaptation says that happiness returns to a single point. However, happiness comes from many things. Change in one area of happiness, such as at work, does not always mean change in another area of happiness, such as in marriage. Different areas of happiness can change in different ways and at different times. The point where happiness returns to after an event may be different depending on which area of happiness is affected. Happiness can Change Hedonic adaptation says it may not be possible to increase happiness for a long period of time. People will always get used to good events. However, a year long study found that % of people said their happiness changed a lot between the first and last five years. Another study found that differences in happiness can be explained by how much freedom or money countries have. They last for a long time. The difference in happiness shows that people do not completely adapt to some events. For example, a study shows that people adapt to money, but not status. how others see them. References Psychology
Barking is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In , there were people living in Barking. References Civil parishes in Suffolk Villages in Suffolk
Tree frogs are frogs that spend most of their life in trees. There are several lines of Neobatrachia which have evolved into tree frogs. These groups are only distantly related, but they have evolved for a long time in similar conditions. The result is that, today, there are species from different groups that look very much like each other. This is convergent evolution. It goes so far that in almost all cases, where one group occurs, the other does not. Their current distribution shows that the last common ancestor of both groups lived before the dinosaurs disappeared. They do not normally descend to the ground, except to mate and spawn. Some build foam nests on leaves and rarely leave the trees as adults. In some species the eggs develop directly into adults. in others the tadpole stage is spent in the water pool of a large tropical tree leaf. Many tree frogs can change their colour for better camouflage. Others are poisonous (poison dart frog), and display warning colouration. Tree frogs are usually tiny, as their weight has to be carried by the branches and twigs of their habitat. While some reach cm ( in) or more, they are typically smaller and more slender than terrestrial frogs. Typical for "tree frogs" are the well developed discs at the finger and toe tips. the fingers and toes themselves as well as the limbs tend to be rather long, resulting in a superior grasping ability. The genus Chiromantis is most extreme in this respect. it can oppose two fingers to the other two, resulting in a vice like grip. Family Tree frogs are members of these families or genera. Hylidae, or "true" tree frogs, are in the temperate to tropical parts of Eurasia north of the Himalayas, Australia and the Americas. Rhacophoridae, or shrub frogs, are the tree frogs of tropical regions around the Indian Ocean. Africa, South Asia and Southeast Asia east to Lydekker's line. A few are in East Asia. Centrolenidae, or glass frogs, are potentially closely related to hylids. these translucent frogs are native to Central and South America. Hyperoliidae, or reed frogs, are closely related to the burrowing Microhylidae. these small frogs are native to sub Saharan Africa. Boophis is a genus of highly arboreal frogs which evolved from the toxic terrestrial Mantellidae of Madagascar. Pedostibes, or tree toad, is a genus of highly arboreal members of the typically terrestrial Bufonidae. References Frogs
Wimbledon may refer to. Wimbledon, London, a suburban area of south west London The Championships, Wimbledon, a tennis tournament Wimbledon F.C., a former association football team AFC Wimbledon, an association football team, founded by former supporters of Wimbledon F.C. Wimbledon (movie), a British movie Wimbledon station, a railway station
Cottonwood is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama. Towns in Alabama
Raymond Peter Allison (born March , ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey forward who played seasons in the National Hockey League for the Hartford Whalers and Philadelphia Flyers. Playing career Following his junior career, Allison became the first draft pick in the history of the Hartford Whalers franchise. A year later, Allison was traded in a ten player trade to the Philadelphia Flyers. There he would develop into a scoring forward but suffered a broken ankle during the – season. He never regained a regular spot on the Flyers roster, and played his last few seasons in the AHL and Swiss leagues. Career statistics References Other websites births American Hockey League players Brandon Wheat Kings players Canadian ice hockey centres Hartford Whalers players Ice hockey people from British Columbia Living people Philadelphia Flyers players
Saint Anthony, Antony, or Antonius most often refers to Anthony of Padua, also known as Saint Anthony of Lisbon, the patron saint of lost things. This name may also refer to. People Anthony of Antioch (–), Martyr under Diocletian. Feast day. January . Anthony the Great (–), Egyptian Christian saint and Desert Father. Feast day. January or . Anthony of Padua (–), Doctor of the Church, also known as Saint Anthony of Lisbon. Feast day. June . Anthony the Hermit (c. –c. ), also known as Antony of Lérins. Feast day. December . Antony the Younger (–), Byzantine monk. Feast day. December . Anthony of Kiev (–), also known as Anthony of the Caves. Feast day. July . Anthony of Rome (died ), also known as Antony Rimlyanin. Feast day. January and August . Antoninus of Florence (–), also known as Anthony of Florence. Feast day. May . Anthony of Siya (–), founder of the Antonievo Siysky Monastery. Feast day. December . Anthony of St. Ann Galvão (–), also known as Frei Galvão. Feast day. May . Anthony Mary Claret (–), founder of the Missionary Sons of the Immaculate Heart of Mary. Feast Day. October . Orders Hospital Brothers of Saint Anthony, a religious medical order founded about Order of Saint Anthony (Bavaria), a Bavarian military order founded in Order of Saint Anthony (Ethiopia), an Ethiopian religious order founded in St. Anthony Hall (a.k.a. the Order of St. Anthony), a U.S. college literary society Places Canada St. Anthony, Newfoundland and Labrador England St Anthony in Meneage, Cornwall St Anthony in Roseland, Cornwall St Anthony Head, Roseland Peninsula, Cornwall United States St. Anthony, Idaho Saint Anthony, Indiana St. Anthony, Iowa St. Anthony, New Orleans, Louisiana St. Anthony, Minnesota, in Hennepin County St. Anthony, Stearns County, Minnesota Saint Anthony, Missouri Saint Anthony, North Dakota Saint Anthony, Wisconsin Saint Anthony Falls in Minneapolis, Minnesota, highest waterfall on the Mississippi River Caribbean region Saint Anthony Parish, Montserrat Africa San Antonio de Palé on Annobón, particularly in reference to the British fort there in the th century
The triple point of any substance is the combination of temperature and pressure at which it exists in its solid, liquid, and gaseous state all at once, in equilibrium. The temperature of the triple point of water is a commonly used physical constant which is used to define temperature scales and calibrate temperature measuring systems. By definition, the temperature of the triple point of water is . Kelvin, or .°C at a pressure of . Pa (less than % of atmospheric pressure). One degree Celsius is defined as /.th part of the triple point of water. This fixes the temperature scale as defined in the ITS , which is the international temperature scale of . This scale is developed as a practical approximation of the thermodynamical temperature scale. Chemistry Thermodynamics
Tropical Storm Norma was the fourteenth tropical cyclone of the Pacific hurricane season. It formed on August off the western coast of Mexico. The storm died on September , just before it reached Baja California. The storm caused record amounts of rain and flash floods in Arizona. Over $ million in damage was done. Twenty three people were killed. Hurricanes in Mexico in North America s in Mexico th century in Arizona
Lorenzo Staelens (born April ) is a former Belgian football player. He has played for Belgium's national team. Club career statistics / rowspan="" Kortrijk rowspan="" First Division / / rowspan="" Brugge rowspan="" First Division / / / / / / / / / rowspan="" Anderlecht rowspan="" First Division / / Oita Trinita J. League } International career statistics .Total } References births Living people Belgian footballers Belgian football managers
Bethonvilliers is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne Franche Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France. References Communes in Territoire de Belfort
"Sanamahi Kachin" (), also known as "Lainingthou Kachin" (), is an altar place dedicated to Lainingthou Sanamahi in the household of the followers of Meitei religion (Sanamahism). It is located at the south western corner of the house. According to religious beliefs, people performing rites and rituals, as well as prayers to the deity, in the place, get blessings from the deity. Related pages Imoinu References Religion
L'Épine is a commune in the Hautes Alpes department of France. References Communes in Hautes Alpes
is a Japanese football player. He played for the Japan national team. Biography Oshima was born in Shizuoka on January , . After graduating from Shizuoka Gakuen High School, he joined J League club Kawasaki Frontale in . He played many matches as central midfielder from . In , Kawasaki won the J League champions first time in the club history. Kawasaki also won the J champions in and . In , Oshima played for the Japan U national team at AFC U Championship. Japan won the champions and qualified for the Summer Olympics. At Summer Olympics, he played all matches as central midfielder. On September , , he debuted for the Japan national team against United Arab Emirates at World Cup. In , he participated World Cup, but he did not play in the match. He played games for Japan until . Statistics rowspan="" Kawasaki Frontale rowspan="" J League colspan="" colspan="" colspan="" colspan="" colspan="" colspan="" J.League U J League colspan="" colspan="" colspan="" } .Total } References Other websites births Living people Footballers from Shizuoka Prefecture Japan international footballers J League players J League players Kawasaki Frontale players J.League U Selection players FIFA World Cup players Footballers at the Summer Olympics
Haneda Airport Domestic Terminal Station (羽田空港国内線ターミナル駅 Haneda kūkō Kokunaisen Tāminaru eki) is a Railway station of Keihin Electric Express Railway (Keikyū) in Ōta, Tokyo, Japan. Adjacent stations Keihin Electric Express Railway (Keikyū) Airport Line Airport Ltd. Exp. Haneda Airport International Terminal Haneda Airport Domestic Terminal Ltd. Express (Tokkyū) Haneda Airport International Terminal Haneda Airport Domestic Terminal Ltd. Express (Kaitoku) Haneda Airport International Terminal Haneda Airport Domestic Terminal Airport Express Haneda Airport International Terminal Haneda Airport Domestic Terminal Local Haneda Airport International Terminal Haneda Airport Domestic Terminal Railway stations in Tokyo
Toxoplasma gondii is a protozoan parasite that can infect almost all warm blooded animals, including humans. Dubey J.P. . Toxoplasmosis of animals and humans. nd ed, CRC Press. In humans, it is one of the most common parasites. Blood test show that up to a third of the world population has been or is infected with T. gondii. Infection rates differ greatly from country to country. Although mild, flu like symptoms occasionally occur during the first few weeks, infection with T. gondii generally produces no symptoms in healthy human adults. But in infants, HIV/AIDS patients, and others with weakened immunity, infection can cause serious and occasionally fatal illness (toxoplasmosis).p Infection in humans and other warm blooded animals can occur by eating raw or undercooked meat containing T. gondii tissue cysts. by drinking water or eating anything contaminated with oocysts. in the faeces of an infected animal. from a blood transfusion or organ transplant or by transmission from mother to foetus across the placenta. The parasite can only sexually reproduce in the intestines of members of the cat family (felids). Felids are therefore the definitive hosts of T. gondii'', with all other hosts defined as 'intermediate hosts'. References Apicomplexa Parasites
The Young Artist Award (first known as the Youth In Film Award) is an award given by the Young Artist Foundation. The foundation was started in to award child actors and singers under the age of for their work in film, TV, theater and music, and to raise money for talented children to go to school. The st Youth In Film Awards were given in October , at the Sheraton Universal Hotel in Hollywood for child actors' and singers' work during the years and . The th Young Artist Awards will be given on May , at the Sportsmen's Lodge in Southern California for child actors' work during the year . Young Artist Foundation The Young Artist Foundation is a charity started in by Hollywood Foreign Press member, Maureen Dragone to raise money for child artists to go to special schools to study acting, singing, or other special arts. One of the most well known contributors to give money to the Young Artist Foundation is the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. Young Artist Awards History The Young Artist Awards are given every year by the Young Artist Foundation. The awards were called the Youth In Film Awards for the first years, but the name was changed to the Young Artist Awards for the st awards in March . The awards are sometimes called the "Kiddie Oscars", because many people believe they are like the Academy Awards for children working in Hollywood. The awards were started by Maureen Dragone in to award child actors and singers for their work during the years and because she thought child actors didn't have a fair chance to win other awards given to adults like the Academy Award and the Golden Globe Award. Two child actors who had to compete with adults for other awards that year were Ricky Schroder in The Champ and Justin Henry in Kramer vs. Kramer. The awards ceremony was held in November or December for the first years, but the ceremony is now held in March or April. Statue The first Youth In Film Award was a small statue that looked like a small Academy Award. It was a statue of a small golden man holding a wreath in front of his chest and he stood on a very large base that looked like a sports trophy. The new Young Artist Award statue still looks like a small Academy Award, but now the small golden man holds a star over his head and he stands on a much smaller base that is much easier for small children to hold. All the winners are given the golden statue and all the children who are nominated are given a special plaque at the ceremony to remember their nomination. Voting The children that the Young Artist Awards considers nominating must be between the ages of and and are first suggested by the child's agent or manager. Their names must be suggested by the end of January or the middle of February and, one month later, the Young Artist Awards throws a special party to announce the names of the children who they have decided to nominate. The Youth In Film Awards were originally given to young artists up to the age of , but the awards are now given to children under the age of most of the time. Winners are chosen by the Young Artist Association. The association was originally called the Hollywood Women's Photo and Press Club and its members were journalists and photographers who worked in the arts. Today, the Young Artist Association has over members who are journalists, agents, and former child performers. The winners are picked by The Young Artist Association and past nominees who all vote by secret ballot. Categories The first Youth In Film Awards gave awards in competitive categories in . The first categories for child artists were "Best Juvenile Actor and Actress in a Motion Picture", "Best Juvenile Actor and Actress in a TV Series or Special", "Best Juvenile Actor and Actress in a Daytime TV Series", and "Best Male and Female Juvenile Recording Artist". The Youth In Film Awards also gave awards to studios and networks in competitive categories for family friendly films and television shows. Today, the number of categories has grown to award "Best Young Actor and Actress in an International Feature Film", "Best Young Actor and Actress in a Short Film", "Best Young Supporting Actor and Actress in Film", "Best Young Ensemble Cast", "Best Young Recurring Actor and Actress in a TV Series", and "Best Young Guest starring Actor and Actress in a TV Series". Many of the categories have been split to award children age and under in their own separate categories. The Young Artist Awards has also awarded children for their work in other arts over the years, including theater, dance, commercials, journalism, radio and stand up comedy. Special Awards While the number of acting categories has grown, some competitive categories like "Best Juvenile Recording Artist", "Best Family Motion Picture" and "Best Family TV Series" are no longer awarded. The awards for those categories are now given as special "Honorary" awards. The most well known Young Artist Honorary Awards are the "Jackie Coogan Award", which is given to movie studios, producers or directors for their "Outstanding Contribution To Youth Through Entertainment", and the "Former Child Star Award", which is given as a "Lifetime Achievement Award" to adults who were once child stars. Ceremony The ceremony is held every year in Hollywood and it is the most formal awards ceremony for child actors. The child nominees and their parents are expected to "dress up" in suits or party dresses, and many arrive in long cars called limousines. Reporters and photographers are invited to the red carpet before the show, to take pictures and talk to the child stars when they arrive and sign autographs for fans. The children picked to announce the winners on stage each year are usually the winners from the year before or from the year's list of nominees. After the ceremony is a formal dinner and then dancing with live music performed by popular child singers. The first Youth In Film Awards were given in October at a ceremony held at the Sheraton Universal Hotel in Hollywood, California. Other locations for the ceremony over the years are the Ambassador Hotel's Coconut Grove, the Globe Theatre, the Beverly Garland Hotel, and the Sportsmen's Lodge. References Other websites Young Artist Awards photographs at LIFE.com Entertainment awards
Proctor is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States. Cities in Minnesota
Lechaschau is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol. References Other websites Settlements in Tyrol (state)
Hauman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include. Constance Hauman (born ), soprano George and Doris Hauman, illustrators of children's books Glenn Hauman, American writer, editor, publisher and comic book colorist Lucien Leon Hauman (–), botanist and an author
The Premier League is the th premier league as Chelsea are the defending Champions. The season started on August and finished on May . Newcastle United F.C. Brighton and Hove Albion and Huddersfield Town got promoted to the Premier League from the English Football League. Brighton are playing in the Premier League for the first time in their history. League table Results Season record Scoring Top scorers Hat tricks Note Player scored goals. (H) – Home . (A) – Away Top assists Clean sheets Discipline Player Most yellow cards. Oriol Romeu (Southampton) Most red cards. Wilfred Ndidi (Leicester City) Jonjo Shelvey (Newcastle United) Club Most yellow cards. West Bromwich Albion West Ham United Most red cards. Leicester City Awards Monthly awards PFA Team of the Year The PFA Team of the Year was. Goalkeeper. David de Gea (Manchester United) Defence. Kyle Walker (Manchester City), Nicolas Otamendi (Manchester City), Jan Vertonghen (Tottenham Hotspur), Marcos Alonso (Chelsea) Midfield. David Silva (Manchester City), Christian Eriksen (Tottenham Hotspur), Kevin De Bruyne (Manchester City) Attack. Mohamed Salah (Liverpool), Harry Kane (Tottenham Hotspur), Sergio Agüero (Manchester City) PFA Player of the Year The PFA Players' Player of the Year was awarded to Mohamed Salah. PFA Young Player of the Year The PFA Young Player of the Year was awarded to Leroy Sané. FWA Footballer of the Year The FWA Footballer of the Year was awarded to Mohamed Salah.ref>ref> Other websites Official website References Eng England in association football Premier League
Monceau le Waast is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. Related pages Communes of the Aisne department Communes in Aisne
Godzilla, King of the Monsters. is a Japanese American disaster science fiction horror action giant monster film directed by Terry Morse and Ishiro Honda. Release dates References movies s science fiction movies Godzilla American monster movies American horror movies Movies about dinosaurs American science fiction movies Japanese movies Movies set in Japan
Robert Martin Culp (August , – March , ) was an American actor, scriptwriter, voice actor and director. Early life Culp was born in Oakland, California, and graduated from Berkeley High School, where he was a pole vaulter, taking second place at the CIF California State Meet. He attended the University of the Pacific, Washington University in St. Louis, San Francisco State University, and the University of Washington School of Drama, but never completed an academic degree. Career Culp is widely known for his work in television. Culp first earned an international reputation for his role as Kelly Robinson on I Spy (–), the espionage series in which he and co star Bill Cosby played a pair of secret agents. The 's brought him back to TV again, starring as FBI Agent Bill Maxwell on The Greatest American Hero. He also had a recurring role as Warren Whelan on Everybody Loves Raymond. In all, Culp gave hundreds of performances in a career spanning more than years. Personal life Culp married five times and was the father of three sons, Joshua (), Jason () and Joseph (), and two daughters, Rachel () and Samantha (). From to , he was married to Eurasian actress France Nuyen, whom he had met when she guest starred on I Spy. She appeared in four episodes, two of them written by Culp himself. Culp wrote scripts for a total of seven episodes, one of which he also directed. He also wrote scripts for other television series, including Trackdown, The Rifleman and The Greatest American Hero. Death Culp died on March , while suffering a heart attack while taking a walk in Los Angeles, California. Culp's remains were buried in the Sunset View Cemetery in El Cerrito, California, located not far from his hometown of Oakland. References Other websites births deaths Actors from Oakland, California American television actors American stage actors American movie actors American voice actors American screenwriters American movie directors Deaths from myocardial infarction
The Circuit Gilles Villeneuve is a motor racing circuit. It is the location the Formula One Canadian Grand Prix, NASCAR Canadian Tire Series, NASCAR Nationwide Series and Grand Am Rolex Sports Car Series. The Canadian Grand Prix was held at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve for years. In , the race was dropped from the Formula One calendar and replaced with the new Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. On November , Quebec's officials and Canadian Grand Prix organisers announced an agreement with Formula One and signed a new five year contract. Circuit Gilles Villeneuve will host the Canadian Grand Prix from through the seasons. Circuit The circuit is located on Île Notre Dame, a man made island in the St. Lawrence River. It is part of the city of Montreal, was originally named the Île Notre Dame Circuit. It was renamed in honour of Canadian Formula One driver Gilles Villeneuve, following his death in . Gilles is the father of Jacques Villeneuve. The venue hosted the Champ Car World Series Grand Prix of Montreal from to . Barriers run close to the circuit and many experienced drivers have been caught out by them. A famous part of the circuit is the wall on the outside of the exit of the final chicane. The wall has the slogan Bienvenue au Québec ("Welcome to Quebec") painted on it. It has been giving the nickname "Mur du Québec" (Quebec Wall). In the wall ended the race of three Formula One World Champions, Damon Hill, Michael Schumacher, and Jacques Villeneuve. FIA GT champion Ricardo Zonta also crashed into the wall. Since then the wall has been nicknamed "The Wall Of Champions". Other drivers who have crashed into the wall include Jenson Button, Fernando Alonso, and Juan Pablo Montoya. The curbs leading to the final chicane were made higher in . The new curbs were more difficult for the drivers to see, making the chicane even more challenging. On June , Canadian Press reported that the city of Montreal had awarded Normand Legault the right to stage the race weekends on the track. Legault is the promoter of the Formula One race. The deal run until , with an option to go to . Legault decided to replace the Champ Car race with races from the Grand American Road Racing Association's Rolex Series and NASCAR's Nationwide Series. This would be NASCAR's first race in Canada. On August , Kevin Harvick made history by winning the first Nationwide Series (then Busch Series) race at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve. The NASCAR races have changed the circuit layout. The pit lanes were expanded. NASCAR pit lane must handle at least cars. As part of Parc Jean Drapeau, the Circuit is open to visitors, between races, for walking, running, biking, in line skating, etc. During the few days of the Grand Prix, Île Notre Dame is one of the noisiest places in Montreal. At just about any other time of the year, it is one of the quietest, being located in the middle of a river, on an island filled with greenery and animals, joggers and cyclists. Comparison of different series at the circuit As the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve serves as host to different racing series, it is possible to directly compare different race series' lap times. In , former Champ Car Champion Juan Pablo Montoya set pole position for the Canadian Grand Prix with a lap time of ... Several weeks later, during the inaugural Champ Car Grand Prix of Montreal, Cristiano Da Matta set pole position with a lap time of ... was the last year Champ Car and F ran on the same track. The pole position in Formula One was set by Fernando Alonso in a time of ... Sébastien Bourdais set pole in .. in Champ Car. In NASCAR Nationwide Series (then Busch Series) driver Patrick Carpentier set a pole time of ... The track record for the Rolex Sports Car Series is .. set by Scott Pruett in . Related pages Other Montreal area race tracks Circuit Mont Tremblant Sanair Super Speedway References Other websites Statistics from official F site Google Maps Parc Jean Drapeau Formula One circuits NASCAR tracks establishments in Canada
Trujillo is one of the states of Venezuela. The state capital city is Trujillo. States of Venezuela
is a Japanese pop duo. The members of the group are Wentz Eiji (ウエンツ瑛士) and Koike Teppei (小池徹平). Dissolution. Other websites WaT Official Website J pop bands Japanese rock bands
Lorenzo Cherubini (born September ), better known as Jovanotti is an Italian singer songwriter. Jovanotti first sang a mix of hip hop, rap and disco. Then he included funk, world music and even classical music and ska. Most of his songs are sung in Italian. He has also made a Spanish language greatest hits album. Biography Private life Cherubini is the third of four brothers. His oldest brother, Umberto was a flying instructor at Touchandgo School until his death in a plane crash on October . After that, Jovanotti composed In orbita and Fango as tribute. The second brother, Bernardo, is a showman. Jovanotti attended at Liceo Malpighi in Rome where he get a degree in science. Career Jovanotti's musical career began in . Jovanotti for President was his first album. Discography – Jovanotti for President – La mia moto – Giovani Jovanotti – Una tribù che balla – Lorenzo – Lorenzo – Lorenzo L'albero – Lorenzo Capo Horn – Lorenzo Il quinto mondo – Buon sangue – Safari – Ora – Lorenzo CC. References Other websites Sito ufficiale Italian singers births Living people Musicians from Rome Songwriters Rap musicians
This is a list of the seaports of England, clockwise, starting from the Scottish border. Major ports Listed clockwise around the English coast from the Scottish border. Berwick upon Tweed Sunderland Hartlepool Redcar Humber Kingston upon Hull Immingham Grimsby East Anglia Port of King's Lynn King's Lynn docks, Norfolk Great Yarmouth Lowestoft Felixstowe Great Yarmouth Lowestoft Harwich Thames estuary Tilbury Docks Port of London Kent coast Port of Medway Sheerness docks Port of Whitstable Port of Ramsgate Dover Folkestone South coast Newhaven Portsmouth Southampton Poole Weymouth Plymouth Falmouth Bristol Channel Avonmouth Bristol Northwest England Liverpool Fleetwood Barrow in Furness Lists about England
Frederick Douglas Reese, or F. D. Reese, (November , – April , ) was an American civil rights activist, educator, and minister. He was born in Selma, Alabama. He was known as a member of Selma's "Courageous Eight". Reese was the president of the Dallas County Voters League (DCVL) when that organization invited the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and Martin Luther King, Jr. to come to Selma to amplify the city's local voting rights campaign. Reese retired from teaching and from February until his death in April , he was active as a minister at Selma's Ebenezer Missionary Baptist Church. Reese died on April , in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of . References Other websites The Grio, "Frederick D. Reese Remembers Bloody Sunday in Selma" People from Selma, Alabama Educators from Alabama American civil rights activists births deaths
Mason is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Mason County. Cities in Texas County seats in Texas
An election happened on November , , to elect a Senator from the U.S. state of South Dakota. The two people in the election were Mike Rounds (Republican Party) and Dan Ahlers (Democratic Party). Mike Rounds won reelection for a second term. A primary election was held for each party, Mike Rounds beat Scyller Borglum in the Republican Party primary and Dan Ahlers was the only person in the Democratic Party primary, so he won. Democratic Party primary Dan Ahlers did not have an opponent in the Democratic Party primary. Republican Party primary Results References United States Senate elections South Dakota
{{Infobox television show_name = Bhanumotir Khel image = image_size = image_alt = caption = show_name_ = genre = Drama Supernatural RomanceMagic creator = Subratra RoyProductions based_on = developer = writer = Saswati Ghosh director = Prosenjit Roy creative_director = presenter = starring = Shreyosree RoyRubel Das judges = narrated = theme_music_composer = opentheme = endtheme = composer = Snehasish Chakraborty country = India language = Bengali list_episodes = executive_producer = producer = Subatra Roy editor = location = Kolkata cinematography = camera = runtime = minutes company = Subatra Roy Production distributor = channel = Zee Bangla picture_format = i SDTVi HDTV audio_format = first_run = num_seasons = num_episodes = as of December first_aired = January last_aired = Present followed_by ='Baksho BodolRangiye Diye Jao preceded_by = related = website = http.//www.ozee.com/shows/Vanumotir Khel production_website = production_website_title = }} Bhanumotir Khel is a Bengali television soap opera that premiered on January and airs on Zee Bangla. It is produced by Subatra Roy. It stars Shreyosree Roy and Rubel Das in lead roles. Bhanumatir Khel took the time slot of Zee Bangla show *Baksho Bodol''. On June , The Show took the timeslot of Rangiye Diye Jao. Plot Bhanumoti, the daughter of an gouni insignificant magician learns the tricks of the trade at a very young age. Bhanu, a simple schoolgirl in her teens practises magic. Her mother is totally against it, but she cannot help her instincts in putting her talent to use by turning hatred into love and sadness into happiness for persons in trouble. It is her way of sorting out good from evil to better human lives around her in the streets of the city. Meghraj, is also a practicing magician. Son of the super magician, Mahendra Sarkar, for him, magic is a form of art that he performs to entertain people who visit his shows. He has the prerequisites of professional performance – a stage, lights, music, an audience waiting to be entertained. that build the atmosphere for his magic shows. The two meet. He is not only awed by the girl’s quality to convert her magical ability to use the same form of art without any gadgets or ambience, but gets mesmerized by her cause of doing so for the good of society. Curent Track Currently in the story of Bhanumotir Khel, after an air crash Meghraj and Bhanumoti are located in two separated spaces. Their daughter Bhelki is growing up with Bhanumoti. Bhelki is also a street magician who is taking care of her ailing mother and fighting against all odds. Bhelki incidentally meets Meghraj several times not knowing that Bhelki is actually her daughter. The main antagonist Mohini Sarkar, impressed with the magic of Bhelki, pays a lot of money to take Bhelki to their house, Jaadumahal. Just before that day she treats Bhelki and her mother in a renowned hotel in the city where incidentally Meghraj and Ahona(Megh’s secretary) also comes for dinner. Will Meghraj meet Bhanumoti. Cast Main Shreyosree Roy as Bhanumoti/Main Female Lead Rubel Das as Meghraj Sarkar/Main Male Lead Debaparna Chakraborty as Maya Rupsha Chatterjee as Mohini Tanisha as Megh, Bhanu's daughter Supporting Arindam Ganguly as Jadoo Samrat/Mahendra Sarkar Rohit Mukherjee as Meghraj's Uncle Adrijae as Bhanumoti's Cousin/Fultushi Pradip Dhar as Kadam Biswarup Bandyopadhyay as Meghraj's Cousin Moumita Gupta as Amba/ Maya and Mohini's Mother Aniruddha Roy NRI friend of Bhanumoti Namita Datta as Bhanumoti's Mother Anindita Roy as Meghraj's Sister in law Sourav Chatterjee as Keshab Mita Chatterjee as Ranga Pishi Indian television series debuts
Guttet Feschel is a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On October the former municipalities of Feschel and Guttet merged into the new municipality of Guttet Feschel. References Municipalities of Valais
Cagayan (. . . ) is a province of the Philippines in the Cagayan Valley region in the northeast of Luzon Island, and includes the Babuyan Islands to the north. The capital is Tuguegarao. Provinces of the Philippines
Eucalyptus dives or broad leaved peppermint is a small tree found in the temperate dry sclerophyll woodlands and forests of south eastern Australia. The leaves have a strong peppermint smell. Uses The leaves have a high oil content, about .% of the leaf fresh weight. When the oil is distilled it can be used to produce methanol. The major producing region is eastern Transvaal, South Africa, where it is grown in commercial plantations. The leaves have also been used as a flavouring in Australia, especially in brewed black Camellia sinensis 'billy tea'. References Boland, et al., Eucalyptus Leaf Oils Use, Chemistry, Distillation and Marketing, . Trees of Australia Eucalyptus
The COVID pandemic was confirmed to have reached Oman on February when two citizens tested positive for COVID after returning from Iran. Cases By May, the virus had spread to all the governorates of Oman. As of May, the total number of cases registered in the sultanate is ,, of which , cases have recovered and have died. Muscat continues to have the highest number of confirmed cases at over ,. Muttrah has been the worst affected wilayat (province) of the governorate, it held % of the total confirmed cases of the country in early April mostly due to local transmissions Response On April, all of the Muscat governorate was put under lockdown until April, this was extended twice, currently the lockdown is expected to end on May. Sultan Haitham bin Tariq declared that COVID tests and treatment are free for all communities of the sultanate, including expatriates. References Oman Oman
The Genovese crime family is one of the "Five Families" that controls organized crime activities in New York City, within the nationwide criminal phenomenon known as the Mafia (or Cosa Nostra). The Genovese crime family has been nicknamed the "Ivy League" and "Rolls Royce" of organized crime. Bosses of the Genovese crime family – – Giuseppe "Joe the Boss" Masseria (Boss, murdered in during the Castellammarese War) – – Salvatore 'Charlie "Lucky" Luciano' Lucania (Boss, jailed in ) – – Frank "Frankie the Prime Minister" Costello (acting boss) – – Frank "Frankie the Prime Minister" Costello (Boss, retired) – – Vito "Don Vito" Genovese (Boss, jailed , died in prison in ) Circa – – Thomas "Tommy Ryan" Eboli (acting boss, turned front boss sometime in the mid s, murdered ) Circa – – Gerardo "Jerry" Catena (jailed , retired , died at age ) Circa – – Philip "Benny Squint" Lombardo (retired) – – Frank "Funzi" Tieri (acting boss, turned front boss sometime in the early s by the family) – – Anthony "Fat Tony" Salerno (front boss for Vincent Gigante, jailed , died in prison) – – Vincent "Chin" Gigante (Boss, jailed , died in prison of heart failure on December , ) – – Liborio "Barney" Bellomo (street boss, jailed) – – Dominick "Quiet Dom" Cirillo (street boss, steps down) – – Matthew "Matty the Horse" Ianniello (acting boss, jailed) – – Dominick "Quiet Dom" Cirillo (acting boss, jailed) – – Mario Gigante (acting boss, possible in retirement after the death of his brother in ) – – Daniel "Danny the Lion" Leo (acting boss) (indicted May , , remanded without bail before being sentenced to years in prison in early ), Venero "Benny Eggs" Mangano (underboss) (released from prison December, after serving years), Dominick "Quiet Dom" Cirillo (consigliere) (Sentenced to months on March , ), Lawrence "Little Larry" Dentico (acting consigliere) (promoted prior to coping a plea and being sentenced to / years in early ) –present – Paul "Paulie Stripes" DiMarco (alleged acting boss, next in line coming from the midwest.), Venero "Benny Eggs" Mangano (underboss), Dominick "Quiet Dom" Cirillo (consigliere.) Criminals from New York City
Norbert Balatsch (. March  – May ) was an Austrian conductor. He was known as a choral conductor, who began as a baritone choir singer. He was the long term choir director of both the Vienna State Opera and the Bayreuth Festival. He won two Grammy Awards. Balatsch was born in Vienna. Balatsch died on May in Vienna, aged . References Other websites Balatsch, Norbert OEML births deaths Austrian conductors Grammy Award winners People from Vienna
This is about the town in Indiana, USA. For other towns called Tipton, see Tipton (disambiguation). Tipton is a city in Indiana in the United States. Cities in Indiana County seats in Indiana
Barbara Carroll (born Barbara Carole Coppersmith. January , – February , ) was an American jazz pianist and singer. Her career began in . She was best known for her jazz trio, which had Benny Goodman in the line up. She also performed piano on Broadway plays. She was born in Worcester, Massachusetts Carroll died on February , , at the age of . References births deaths American jazz musicians American pianists People from Worcester, Massachusetts Singers from Massachusetts
Eric Stark Maskin (born December , ) is an American economist. In , he won the Nobel Prize in Economics with Leonid Hurwicz and Roger Myerson. He is the Albert O. Hirschman Professor of Social Science at the Institute for Advanced Study, and a visiting Professor at Princeton University. Life story Maskin was born in New York City, New York on December , , to a non religious Jewish family, and grew up in Alpine, New Jersey. He graduated from Tenafly High School in Tenafly, New Jersey in , and then studied at Harvard University where he received his A.B. and Ph.D. After he got his Ph.D., Maskin went to the University of Cambridge in where he was a research fellow at Cambridge College. He taught at Massachusetts Institute of Technology from and from at Harvard, where he was the Louis Berkman Professor of Economics. In , he moved to the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. He has studied a wide range of subjects in economic theory, such as game theory, the economics of incentives, and contract theory. He is particularly well known for his work on mechanism design/implementation theory and dynamic games. His current research projects include comparing different rules for elections, the causes of inequality and studying coalition formation. He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Econometric Society, and the European Economic Association, and a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy. He was president of the Econometric Society in . Software patents Maskin suggested that software patents make new inventions difficult. Software, semiconductor, and computer industries have made many inventions in the past when patent laws have been weak, he argued. "In the s when patent protection was extended to software," wrote Maskin. "Arguments predicted that productivity should have increased among patenting firms." Maskins ideas that this would not happen were correct. "These increases did not occur." References Other websites Webpage from Institute for Advanced Study, School of Social Science Profile in The Daily Princetonian Nash Equilibrium and Welfare Optimality births Living people American economists American Nobel Prize winners Harvard University alumni Harvard University faculty Jewish American academics Jewish American scientists Jewish Nobel Prize winners Scientists from New York City Educators from New York City
The molecular clock is the figurative term for a technique which estimates when two taxa diverged in evolution. It is based on comparing the detailed structure of key molecules. The method may be done for species, or any high data used for such calculations is often nucleotide sequences in genome analysis, or amino acid sequences for proteins such as haemoglobin. It is sometimes called a gene clock or evolutionary clock. Issues The key assumption behind the technique is that, in the long run, changes in molecular structure happen at a steady rate. Researchers such as Ayala have challenged this assumption. According to Ayala, these factors combine to limit the application of molecular clock models. Changing generation times. a mutation generally becomes fixed only from one generation to another. The shorter this timespan is, the more mutations can become fixed. Population size. apart from effects of small population size, genetic diversity will "bottom out" as populations become larger, and the fitness advantage of any one mutation becomes smaller. Species specific differences due to differing metabolism, ecology, evolutionary history, etc. Nevertheless, the method is now used widely in taxonomy and phylogeny. References Evolutionary biology Paleontology
Alene Bertha Duerk (March , – July , ) was a United States Navy admiral. She was born in Defiance, Ohio. She became the first female admiral in the U.S. Navy in . She was also the director of the U.S. Navy Nurse Corps from to . She was a recipient of a Distinguished Alumni Award of Case Western Reserve University's Frances Payne Bolton School of Nursing. Duerk died in Lake Mary, Florida on July , at the age of . References births deaths American military personnel of World War II American military personnel of the Korean War American military personnel of the Vietnam War People from Ohio
Giulia Farnese ( – March ) was mistress to Pope Alexander VI. Further reading Patrizia Rosini, Danilo Romei (). "Regesto dei documenti di Giulia Farnese". ed. Lulu. . Bellonci, Maria. The Life and Times of Lucrezia Borgia. del Vecchio, Edoardo (). I Farnese. Rome. Istituto di studi romani. Spinosa, Antonio (). La saga dei Borgia. Milan. Mondadori. . births deaths Italian people
Ramon John Hnatyshyn ( Roman Hnatyshyn) QC(Can) QC(Sask) FRHSC(hon) (March , – December , ), known as Ray Hnatyshyn, was a Canadian politician who was the th Governor General of Canada. Before this, he was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada for over years. Hnatyshyn was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He was elected to the House of Commons for the first time in the federal election. He was part of the cabinet of two different Prime Ministers, Joe Clark and Brian Mulroney. He was chosen by Queen Elizabeth II to replace Jeanne Sauvé as the Governor General in . He was sworn in on January , . He was replaced as Governor General in by Roméo LeBlanc. Hnatyshyn died on December , . References Other websites Website of the Governor General of Canada entry for Ramon Hnatyshyn births deaths Governors General of Canada People from Saskatoon Privy Councillors (Canada) Members of the House of Commons of Canada
Arlington is a city of Kentucky in the United States. As of the census of , there were people, households, and families residing in the city. References Cities in Kentucky
Eduardo Alejandro Roca ( December – May ) was an Argentine lawyer, academic and diplomat. He was Argentina's Ambassador to the United States, serving from to . He also served as the Ambassador of Argentina to the United Nations during the Falklands War in . He was born in Buenos Aires. He was the grand nephew of Julio Argentino Roca. Roca died on May in Buenos Aires, at the age of . References births deaths Academics Diplomats Argentine lawyers People from Buenos Aires
The San Marino Grand Prix was a Formula One championship race. It was held at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari in the town of Imola. Imola is near the Apennine mountains in Italy. The race was first held , and the last race was in . It is named the San Marino Grand Prix after the nearby republic of San Marino. History The area by Imola is home to several racing car manufacturers, including Ferrari, Lamborghini, and Maserati. Following the Second World War, the town started a project to improve the local economy. Four local motor racing fans suggested building a new road. The road would link together existing public roads. These road were used by the local car manufacturers to test their new car designs. Construction began in March . The first test run took place two years later when Enzo Ferrari sent a car to the track. In April , the first motorcycle races took place at Imola, and the first car race took place in June . In April , the first race with Formula One cars took place at Imola. It was a non championship event, and was won by Jim Clark for Lotus. An additional non championship event took place at Imola in . This race was won by Niki Lauda for Brabham Alfa Romeo. In , the Italian Grand Prix moved from the high speed Monza circuit to Imola. This was because of a bad crash in . The crash killed the popular Swedish driver Ronnie Peterson. The race was won by Nelson Piquet for Brabham Ford. In the Italian Grand Prix returned to Monza, and Imola hosted the new San Marino Grand Prix, named after the nearby republic of San Marino. In there were three serious accidents at Imola. During the Friday practice, Rubens Barrichello hit the fence at the Variante Bassa. It was a very hard crash and he was knocked unconscious for a few minutes. During the qualifying session on Saturday, Roland Ratzenberger crashed at the Villeneuve Corner. On the lap before he crashed, Roland went over a kerb too quickly which damaged his front wing. This caused his front wing to fail at mph, causing him to go into the concrete wall. He hit a concrete barrier wall almost head on and received a very bad head injury. He was taken to the hospital, but died from injuries. In the race on Sunday, Ayrton Senna hit a concrete wall at the high speed Tamburello Corner. Senna suffered severe head injuries. After he was removed from the car he was air lifted to hospital. He died in hospital after his life support was turned off because it was the only thing keeping him alive. It is still not clear today what caused Senna's crash. The car was too damaged to analyse what caused the crash. For the race, the Tamburello and Villeneuve corners were changed. They became slower chicanes. The Variante Bassa was also straightened. These crashes started changes at other Formula One circuits. Changes were made to make the sport safer. Teams had complained about the poor quality of the facilities (buildings and work areas) at Imola. San Marino Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One championship after . Part of the reason for dropping San Marino was there was another grand prix held in Italy. Winners of the San Marino Grand Prix Repeat winners (drivers) Repeat winners (constructors) Repeat winners (engine manufacturers) * Built by Porsche ** Built by Cosworth By year All San Marino Grands Prix were held at Imola. Broadcasting United Kingdom Deaths Roland Ratzenberger, died in a crash at Villeneuve Corner during qualifying for the grand prix. Ayrton Senna, died in a crash at Tamburello while leading the race on May , . References Other websites San Marino Grand Prix San Marino Grand Prix Statistics Formula One Grands Prix
. Home tha Sick is the first EP by American rapper, Eazy E. It was released on December , . The producers of the album were Naughty by Nature, Cold um and Bobby "Bobcat" Ervin. The EP was certified Gold on February , by the RIAA. The EP is now out of print and all the songs that were included the EP are on the remastered version of Eazy Duz It. The only single released on the EP was "Only If You Want It". Songs References albums Eazy E albums
The BDS movement is a campaign to help Palestinians. The letters BDS stand for "Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions". They help Palestinians by attempting to put economic and political pressure on Israel. They want an end of Israeli occupation of Palestine. The group thinks that they can create a Palestinian state by boycotting the Israeli government. The movement may be hurting the Palestinian economy while having little overall effect on the Israeli economy. An example is the Israeli owned soft drink company SodaStream. Hundreds of Palestinians lost good paying jobs in the West Bank when SodaStream moved its factory to southern Israel. SodaStream denied the move was BDS related but their profits fell after BDS targeted them. The movement has become popular on many US college Campuses. But no US schools have sold any stocks and none are expected to do so . Israel is concerned about the increasing number of American Jews who oppose Israel's policies. Some have even joined BDS campaigns. References Civil rights Palestine Arab–Israeli conflict
Warner Oland ( October – August ) was a Swedish American movie actor. He is best remembered for playing several Chinese and Chinese American characters. Dr. Fu Manchu. Henry Chang in Shanghai Express and most notably Honolulu Police detective Lieutenant Charlie Chan. His career included time on Broadway and numerous film appearances, including Charlie Chan films. References births deaths American movie actors Swedish movie actors
The ethnic clashes of Târgu Mureș (also called Black March, ) are about the violent incidents against the Hungarian ethnic group in Târgu Mureș and surrounding settlements in Transylvania, Romania in March . The clashes were the bloodiest inter ethnic incidents of the post communist era in Transylvania. It has been an important cultural and political center for the Hungarian minority in Transylvania. References in Europe Romania
Piute County is a county in the U.S. state of Utah. As of the census, the county had a population of ,. The county seat is Junction. References Utah counties
Emmett Louis "Bobo" Till (July , – August , ) was an African American boy who was murdered in Mississippi after it was said that he flirted with a white woman. Events of death Till was from Chicago, Illinois. He went to see his relatives in the Mississippi Delta area when he spoke to year old Carolyn Bryant. She was the married owner of a small grocery store. Several nights later, Bryant's husband Roy and his half brother J. W. Milam, went to Till's great uncle's house. They took Till to a barn. It is believed that they beat him and removed one of his eyes . They then shot him in the head and put his body in the Tallahatchie River. His body was found in the river three days later. Till's body was returned to Chicago. His mother wanted on a public funeral service with an open casket. She wanted this to show the world how her son had been killed. Tens of thousands of people went to his funeral or saw his casket. Images of his body were published in black magazines and newspapers. This caused support from both black and white people in the United States. At first, local newspapers and law enforcement officials spoke against the violence and asked for justice. They soon began dealing with national criticism by defending the people of Mississippi. This led to support for the people said to be the killers. Trial The trial of those accused of killing Till had a large amount of press attention. Bryant and Milam were acquitted of Till's murder. They were not charged with his kidnapping. Months later, when they could not be tried again because of double jeopardy, they said they killed him in a magazine interview. Till's murder is considered an important event leading to the Civil Rights Movement. Problems proving that the body was Till affected the trial. This was a part of the reason for Bryant's and Milam's acquittals. The case was reopened by the United States Department of Justice in . An autopsy of the body was done. It was proven to be Till's body. He was reburied in a new casket. His old casket was given to the Smithsonian Institution. References Huie, William Bradford (January ). The Shocking Story of Approved Killing in Mississippi, Look Magazine. Retrieved February . births deaths African American people American murder victims Murders by firearm in the United States People from Chicago Murdered African American people
Orbital means something related to an orbit. It might also mean. Atomic orbital Molecular orbital Frontier orbital Related pages Orbital period Orbital eccentricity Orbital hybridization Orbital speed Orbital plane (astronomy)
Buissard is a commune in the Hautes Alpes department. Population Transport Road The D, DA, DB and D roads pass through the commune. References Communes in Hautes Alpes
Galegeae is a tribe of the subfamily Faboideae. The tribe is found mostly in the northern hemisphere, but can also be found in Australia, Africa, and South America. The type genus is Galega. Classification Subtribe Alhagiinae Alhagi Gagnebin Subtribe Astragalinae Astragalus L. Biserrula L. Calophaca Fisch. ex DC. Caragana Fabr. Chesneya Lindl. ex Endl. Gueldenstaedtia Fisch. Halimodendron Fisch. ex DC. Oxytropis DC. Spongiocarpella Yakovlev & N. Ulziykh. Subtribe Coluteinae Clianthus Sol. ex Lindl. Colutea L. Eremosparton Fisch. & C.A.Mey. Lessertia DC. Oreophysa (Bunge ex Boiss.) Bornm. Smirnowia Bunge Sphaerophysa DC. Swainsona Salisb. Subtribe Galeginae Galega L. Subtribe Glycyrrhizinae Glycyrrhiza L. Faboideae
Sherman County (standard abbreviation. SH) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In , , people lived there. Its county seat is Goodland. Sherman County was created by the Kansas Legislature in . It is named after General William Tecumseh Sherman. History th century In , Sherman County was created. Geography The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (.%) is water. Sherman County is one of only four Kansas counties in Mountain Time. Since Sherman County is part of the Wichita media market, prime time television in the county is aired from to p.m. local time, rather than to p.m. as is normal in the Central and Mountain time zones. However, cable providers carry the ABC and NBC affiliates from both Wichita and Denver. This allows viewers to view programs on those networks at the normal prime time hours. Major highways Interstate US K People Government Sherman county is often won by Republican Candidates, like most rural counties. However, Lyndon B. Johnson barely won the county in . Presidential elections Education Unified school districts Brewster USD Goodland USD Communities Cities Goodland Kanorado Related pages List of counties in Kansas References More reading Standard Atlas of Sherman County, Kansas. Geo. A. Ogle & Co. pages. . Other websites County Sherman County Directory of Public Officials Maps Sherman County Maps. Current, Historic, KDOT Kansas Highway Maps. Current, Historic, KDOT Kansas Railroad Maps. Current, , , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society Kansas counties establishments in Kansas
Kamaru Usman, nicknamed "The Nigerian Nightmare" (born May , in Auchi, Nigeria), is a Nigerian American professional mixed martial artist, former freestyle wrestler. Who currently competes in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He is the current UFC Welterweight Champion. Usman was also The Ultimate Fighter tournament winner. References Other websites Kamaru Usman Profile at UFC.com births Living people nigerian mixed martial artists
The Chicago Wolves are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in . They currently play in the American Hockey League and are the farm team of the Vegas Golden Knights of the NHL. They play their home games in Rosemont, Illinois at the Allstate Arena. Their ECHL affiliate team is the Gwinnett Gladiators. Other websites Chicago Wolves Official Site American Hockey League teams Ice hockey teams in the United States Vegas Golden Knights establishments in Illinois
The Paneuropean Picnic (also spelled Pan European Picnic) was an event that took place on the border between Austria and Hungary near Sopron, Hungary. The event took place on August , . The event The event was planned to be a peaceful demonstration. Both countries agreed to open a gate in the border fence, between Sankt Margarethen im Burgenland (near Eisenstadt), and Sopronkőhida (Steinambrückl) on the Hungarian side of the border. The leaders of the time were Otto von Habsburg and the Hungarian minister, Imre Pozsgay. The person who did the actual cutting of the border fence was the general secretary of the International Paneuropean Union, Walburga Habsburg Douglas. The gate was to be symbolically opened for three hours. More than citizens of the German Democratic Republic took the chance to cross into the west once the Iron Curtain was opened. They had been told about the event by its organizers. At that time, the Hungarian border police still had orders to shoot anyone trying to cross the border illegally. However, they acted carefully and did not shoot at the fleeing people, this time. The number of people who actually crossed the border to enter the west was only a few hundred on that first day. On the following days, the border was watched more closely, due to orders by the Hungarian government. Therefore, a smaller number of people managed to flee then. Hungary opened its borders to citizens of East Germany on September . Remembering the event Today, the Paneuropean Picnic is seen as one of the important events that led to the end of the German Democratic Republic and the Cold War, the fall of the Iron Curtain, and the unification of the two German states. The event is celebrated every year on August on the spot where the border was opened. Today, artwork made by Hungarian artists is at the place where the fence was cut. It shows a partly opened door. In , a meter statue was built in Fertőrákos near Sopron. It was made by Gabriela von Habsburg. It shows a piece of barbed wire. From far away, it looks like a cross. Other websites Central Europe Review Hungary remembers the picnic that tore down the Iron Curtain. Paneuropean Picnic, the end of the division of Europe Shows the event on the website of the Paneuropean Union. Also has images of the invitation fliers. An account of the situation, as seen from the border town St. Margarethen in Europe th century in Austria th century in Hungary
Carotenoids (or tetraterpenoids) are organic pigments. They are found in the chloroplasts and chromoplasts of plants, and also some bacteria and fungi. The only animals known to produce carotenoids are aphids and mites, which got the genes from fungi. There are over known carotenoids. They are of two types, xanthophylls (which contain oxygen) and carotenes (which are purely hydrocarbons with no oxygen). Carotenoids have two key roles in plants and algae. they absorb light energy for use in photosynthesis, and they protect chlorophyll from photodamage. Beta carotene is the most common form in plants. Some carotenoids (like β carotene) have vitamin A activity (so they can convert to retinol). These and other carotenoids can also act as antioxidants. In the eye, certain other carotenoids (lutein, astaxanthin, and zeaxanthin) apparently act directly to absorb damaging blue and near ultraviolet light. This protects the macula of the retina, the part of the eye with the sharpest vision. References Hydrocarbons Pigments Horizontal gene transfer
Little Spain was a Spanish American neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan during th century. History "Little Spain" was th Street, between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. A very different slice of Chelsea existed on a stretch of th Street often referred to by residents as "Calle Catorce," or "Little Spain". The Church of Our Lady of Guadelupe (No. ) was founded in , when Spaniards started to settle in the area. Although the Spanish business have given way to such nightclubs as Nell's and Oh Johnny on the block between Seventh and Eighth Avenues, the Spanish food and gift emporium known as Casa Moneo has been at West th since . In the documentary Little Spain, directed and written by Artur Balder, was filmed in New York City. The documentary pulled together for first time an archive that reveals the untold history of the Spanish American presence in Manhattan. The archive contains more than photographs and documents that have never been publicly displayed. They present the history of the streets of Little Spain in New York City throughout the th Century. The archive contains more than photographs and documents that have never been publicly displayed. They present the history of the streets of Little Spain in New York City throughout the th Century. Other important commerces and Spanish business of Little Spain were restaurants like La Bilbaína, Trocadero Valencia, Bar Coruña, Little Spain Bar, Café Madrid, Mesón Flamenco, or El Faro Restaurant, established , and still today open at Greenwich St. The Iberia was a famous Spanish dress shop. The heart of the Spanish American community in that area were the two landmarks the Spanish Benevolent Society and the Roman Catholic Church of Our Lady of Guadalupe, founded at the turn of the th century, being the first parish in Manhattan with mass in Latin and Spanish. Virginia Admiral and her son, Robert Mario De Niro Jr., moved to a top floor studio at the West th Street, owned by the Galician entrepreneur José García. According with the investigations, Robert De Niro was living during the s at the heart of Little Spain after the divorce of his parents. References Other websites IMDb. The Herald Tribune. El País. LA VANGUARDIA. El Mundo. Antena TV, Weekend News. Official Web Presence of the Spanish Benevolent Society. Manhattan Neighborhoods of New York City
The Cabbage Patch Kids are a line of soft sculptured dolls. They were registered in the United States' copyright office in as 'The Little People'. When the dolls went into mass production in , they were then renamed 'Cabbage Patch Kids'. The doll brand was one of the most popular toy trends of the s. It was one of the longest running doll franchises in the United States. The characters showed up in many other Cabbage Patch products, including animated cartoons, board games and record albums. Over the years, the Cabbage Patch Kids have been produced by different companies. References Dolls
The flag of Puerto Rico consists of five equal horizontal bands of red (top and bottom) alternating with white. a blue isosceles triangle based on the hoist side has a large, white, five pointed star in the center. The flag was created in . In , the flag became the official national flag of Puerto Rico. Other websites Puerto Rico Puerto Rico P
The Exterminators (renamed Billy the Exterminator in ) is an American television program. The program follows Vexcon employees, Billy and Ricky Breatherton as they try to rid pests and unwanted animals from clients homes and businesses in Louisiana. Other websites Vexcon's Offcial website Official The Exterminators TV Series website at A&E television series debuts American reality television series English language television programs
Kim Chung ha, better known by the mononym Chungha, is a South Korean singer. She finished fourth in Mnet's girl group survival show Produce and was a member of the resulting girl group I.O.I. Chungha made her solo debut in June with extended play Hands on Me. Awards and nominations Related pages List of awards and nominations received by I.O.I Notes References Chungha
Theodorus "Theo" van Gogh (. May – January ) was a Dutch art dealer, and is best known for being his brother Vincent's financial and emotional support. References births deaths Dutch businesspeople People from North Brabant
Tõhelgi is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia. Raasiku Parish Settlements in Estonia
 (MCCII) was . Events August – Arthur of Brittany captured in Mirebeau, north of Poitiers The chronicle of Roger of Wendover is of original value as of this year. Founding of the Livonian Brothers of the Sword Founding of Real Monasterio de Nuestra Senora de Rueda, Aragon Province, Spain Leonardo Fibonacci published Liber Abaci, introducing the Arabian zero to Europe First jesters in European courts Fourth Crusade – Siege of Zadar Births Margaret II of Flanders (died ) Deaths March – Sverre Sigurdsson, King of Norway May – Hamelin de Warenne, th Earl of Surrey Cathal Carragh Ua Conchobair, King of Connacht Canute VI of Denmark (born ) Alain de Lille, French theologian and poet (born c. ) Heads of states England – John, King of England (reigned – ). France – Philippe II, Auguste King of France (reigned from to ).
Melissa Manchester (born February in the Bronx, New York) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She has acted in several movies. She has received several awards during her musical career, which began in the late s. Other websites American pop musicians Singers from New York City Actors from New York City American movie actors Grammy Award winners births Living people
Ogdensburg is a city in St. Lawrence County, New York, United States. The population was , at the census. The city is near the Canadian border. A bridge in Ogdensburg links Canada and the United States. Cities in New York
Alexa Helen Nikolas (born April , in Chicago) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as "Nicole Bristow" on the Nickelodeon television series Zoey . Nikolas is the only child of Alexandra Nikolas, a real estate salesman. Her grandmother was a beauty pageant winner in Texas. She was to see in the musicvideo of Vanessa Anne Hudgens' Single Come Back to Me. Since February , , she is married with Mike Milosh. Television and movie roles births Actors from Chicago American television actors Living people
Ahmet Yılmaz Çalık ( February – January ) was a Turkish professional footballer. He played as a centre back. His career lasted from until his death. He played for Gençlerbirliği, Galatasaray, Konyaspor, and the Turkey national team. Çalık played for the national team between until eight times. Çalık died in a car crash in Ankara, Turkey on January at the age of . References births deaths Road accident deaths Turkish footballers Sportspeople from Ankara
The Last Days of Sodom and Gomorrah (also known as Sodom and Gomorrah) is a Franco Italian American movie made in . It is based on the Bible story of Sodom and Gomorrah. The movie was directed by Robert Aldrich and produced by Maurizio Lodi Fe, Goffredo Lombardo and Joseph E. Levine. movies French movies American movies Italian movies s epic movies English language movies Movies directed by Robert Aldrich
Sarbhana is one of the Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Location Sarbhana is in the west of the district, it is next to following Union Councils, to the north by Kakul, Kuthwal and Beerangali, to the east by Phalkot, to the south by Namli Maira, Bagnotar and Bagh, and to the west by Dhamtour (Sungli Narrian village). Subdivisions The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas. Aziz Bang, Desal, Khan, Sadra, Dharay, Sarbhana, Seergah,Mohar and Narian Khurd. The top of hill village Sungli and Mohalla Trippa. Tribes The main tribes of this area are Barcha kheil, Sheikhmali kheil andGurham Zai (Golni Cheerah a Jadoon clan) and the Malik, Shohallian (Jadoon). References Union Councils of Abbottabad District
Marcols les Eaux is a commune in the Ardèche département of southern France. Communes in Ardèche
Witold Sobociński (October , – November , ) was a Polish cinematographer, academic teacher as well as former jazz musician. He was known for his cinematography works in The Adventures of Gerard, The Hourglass Sanatorium and in Frantic. Sobociński studied at the National Film School in Łódź. He was a member of Melomani, in which he played the drums. Sobociński was born on October , in Łódź, Poland. He died on November , in Łódź at the age of . References Other websites births deaths Polish musicians Jazz musicians Cinematographers People from Łódź
Dame Maureen Diane Lipman, (born May ) is an English movie, theatre, radio and television actress, columnist and comedian. In recent years, she has become known for her role as Evelyn Plummer in the long running ITV soap opera Coronation Street (–present). Other websites births Living people Knights and Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire English television actors English movie actors English radio actors English stage actors Actors from Yorkshire
Spider Man is a action adventure video game based on the movie Spider Man released for Game Boy Advance, Microsoft Windows, Nintendo DS, PlayStation , Wii, Xbox , and PlayStation . A GameCube version was also planned, but was canceled. Tobey Maguire and several other cast members including Topher Grace, James Franco, and Thomas Haden Church return to voice in the game, with Bruce Campbell as the narrator. Gameplay As with the Spider Man game, Spidey can swing around New York wherever he wants. As the game progresses, he gets to wear the black suit. Reception The game has had mixed to positive signals, varying by console ports. References video games Game Boy Advance games Nintendo DS games Wii games Xbox games PlayStation games PlayStation games Windows games Spider Man ( movie series) Spider Man video games Video games based on Spider Man movies
The USS Nitze (DDG ) is an Arleigh Burke class destroyer. It is owned by the United States Navy. The ship was built at Bath Iron Works in Maine. It was finished in . The ship was commissioned on March , after almost a year of testing at sea. The USS Nitze has done four deployments. The deployments were January (part of the USS Bataan strike group), September (part of the USS Theodore Roosevelt strike group), March (part of the USS Enterprise strike group), and November (deployed alone). As of February , the Nitze's Commanding Officer was CDR Paul Kaylor, the Executive Officer was CDR Michael Cloud, and the Command Master Chief was Sean Brown. References Naval ships of the United States
Lena Carlzon Lundbäck, born March in Malmberget, Sweden is a Swedish former cross country skier. She competed for Malmbergets AIF at club level. She also represented Sweden during the Winter Olympics in Innsbruck. She also represented Sweden during the Winter Olympics in Lake Placid. She participated both in individual events and relays. Her best individual result was being part of the Swedish fourth placed relay team in . Her best individual result is two th places, at the kilometers race in and the kilometers race in . She became Swedish national champion totally eight times. References births Living people Swedish skiers
Julie Ann Felix ( June – March ) was an American born, British based folk singer and guitarist. She became successful in the late s and early s. She later performed and released albums on her own record label. In , Felix became the resident singer on the BBC television programme The Frost Report, presented by David Frost. She hosted her own shows for the BBC from to , including the series Once More With Felix (the first episode was transmitted on December ). Felix lived in Chorleywood, Hertfordshire, England, until her death, still recording and performing, appearing on stage on her th birthday in . References births deaths British singers American folk singers American folk musicians American guitarists Musicians from California Singers from California People from Santa Barbara, California
The National Hockey League or NHL, is the highest level ice hockey league in the world. It has teams seven are from Canada and the other are from the United States. The winner of the playoffs each year wins the Stanley Cup. The NHL began in . Some of the owners in the National Hockey Association had problems with owner Edward Livingstone, so they got rid of him by creating a new league. There were five teams in . Montreal Canadiens Montreal Wanderers Ottawa Senators (later St. Louis Eagles. not related to the current Ottawa Senators) Quebec Bulldogs (later Hamilton Tigers) Toronto Arenas (later St. Patricks, then Maple Leafs) They played games a year. The Wanderers had to stop playing in the first year because their arena burned down. Over the years some teams died out, and others were created. the Boston Bruins, New York Americans, Montreal Maroons, Pittsburgh Pirates (later Philadelphia Quakers), New York Rangers, Chicago Black Hawks and Detroit Cougars (later Falcons, then Red Wings). Some teams folded during the Great Depression, so by there were only six teams. Boston Bruins Chicago Black Hawks Detroit Red Wings Montreal Canadiens New York Rangers Toronto Maple Leafs There were only these six teams for years, so they became known as the "Original Six". By the s, they were playing games a year, but this increased slowly to games by the s. In , the league increased to teams. By it had teams, and today it has . Some of the teams that no longer exist are the Oakland Seals, Minnesota North Stars (now the Dallas Stars), Winnipeg Jets (now the Arizona Coyotes), Kansas City Scouts (which became the Colorado Rockies and are now the New Jersey Devils), Hartford Whalers (now the Carolina Hurricanes), Quebec Nordiques (now the Colorado Avalanche) and Atlanta Thrashers (now the current Winnipeg Jets). Today they play games a year, plus four rounds of playoffs. The players make a lot of money (many make over a million dollars a year). Because they could make so much money, many Europeans came over to North America to play in the NHL. Today almost all the world's best hockey players are in the NHL. List of teams Notes An asterisk (*) denotes a franchise move. See the respective team articles for more information. The Edmonton Oilers, Hartford Whalers (now Carolina Hurricanes), Quebec Nordiques (now Colorado Avalanche), and original Winnipeg Jets (now Arizona Coyotes) all joined the NHL in as part of the NHL–WHA merger. Related pages History of the National Hockey League References Notes Other websites Official NHL website National Hockey League establishments in North America
Eugenio Bersellini ( June – September ) was an Italian football player and manager. He was born in Borgo Val di Taro, Kingdom of Italy. He was known for playing with Brescia Calcio, Monza and Lecce. He managed Como, Internazionale and Torino. Bersellini died on September in Prato, Italy of pneumonia at the age of . References births deaths Deaths from pneumonia Disease related deaths in Italy Italian footballers Italian football managers
A sulfoxide is a molecule that has a sulfur atom bonded to two carbons and one oxygen atom. It comes from oxidising thioethers, without going all the way to the sulfone. Like many molecules containing sulfur, sulfoxide can sometimes smell a lot. Sulfoxides can be written with the general formula R–S(=O)–R'. Sulfur has a double bond with the oxygen, and single bonds with the carbons. That leaves a lone pair on the atom. This means that the shape at that atom is tetrahedral. It also means that the sulfur can be a chiral centre. Sulfoxides are used as good ligands for transition metals. An important molecule of this kind is dimethyl sulfoxide. It is also called DMSO. It is used as a solvent for many reactions, especially in biochemistry. Functional groups Organosulfur compounds
The Prime Minister of Kazakhstan is the head of government of Kazakhstan and the second most powerful person in the country after the President of Kazakhstan. The Prime Minister heads the cabinet and advises the President in the every day plans of the functions of the Parliament of Kazakhstan. List of prime ministers (since ) References Other websites Official Site of the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan PrimeMinister.kz on Youtube
The Democratic National Convention was held in Los Angeles, California, on July –, . It nominated Senator John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts for president and Senate Majority Leader Lyndon B. Johnson of Texas for vice president. In the general election, the Kennedy–Johnson ticket won an electoral college victory over the Republican candidates Vice President Richard M. Nixon and UN Ambassador Henry C. Lodge II. The Biltmore Hotel was selected to serve as the headquarters hotel for the Democratic National Committee. References s in Los Angeles, California in the United States United States presidential nominating conventions United States Democratic Party July events
L.P.R.C. Oilers is a football club which plays in Liberia. Football clubs in Monrovia
Boyz II Men is an American boy band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They were popular in the early s. Founded in as a quintet (group of five people), Boyz II Men found fame as a quartet (group of four), with members Nathan Morris, Michael McCary, Shawn Stockman, and Wanya Morris, on Motown Records during the early s. Based on sales, Boyz II Men is the most successful R&B male vocal group of all time. It has recorded five # R&B hits between and and has since sold more than million albums and million singles. Three of its # hits, "End of the Road", "I'll Make Love to You", and "One Sweet Day" (with Mariah Carey), set and broke records for the longest period of time a single remained at # on the Billboard Hot . establishments in the United States s American music groups s American music groups s American music groups s American music groups African American musical groups American boy bands American R&B bands Musical groups established in Musical groups from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania s establishments in Pennsylvania
The Port of Seattle is a government agency in charge of the seaport and airport of Seattle, Washington, United States. It is one of the largest ports of the United States and very important to Seattle's economy. References Geography of Seattle, Washington
Indiana is a U.S. state in the midwestern and Great Lakes regions of North America. Its capital and largest city is Indianapolis. Other famous cities and towns include Bloomington, Gary, Ft. Wayne, South Bend, Evansville, Muncie, and Marion. People who live in Indiana are sometimes called Hoosiers. Indiana's state bird is a Cardinal. Indiana's state flower is a Peony. Indiana's state tree is a Tulip Tree. Indiana has borders with four other states. Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio. It also touches Lake Michigan. which is the only one of the Great Lakes that is completely inside the United States. Before it was called Indiana, most people who lived there were indigenous. France colonized the area, renaming it New France. They enslaved the indigenous peoples, and introduced black slaves too. In the th century, the new United States took the area from France, and many slave owners from Kentucky and Virginia moved into the area. By , it had become a state called Indiana and the government ordered all slaves to be freed, but black people were still enslaved there into at least the s. Attractions One famous attraction of Indiana is the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, which is where the Indy is held every year. The Indy is one of the most famous car races in the United States. The Indianapolis Motor Speedway is not actually in Indianapolis. It is in a town called Speedway, which is completely surrounded by Indianapolis. Sports As well as being home to the Indy , there are several well known sports teams in Indiana. Professional sports teams include the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL) and the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Colleges and universities in Indiana with well known sports teams include Purdue University, the University of Notre Dame, and Indiana University. Related pages List of counties in Indiana List of rivers of Indiana References Other websites The Official website of the State of Indiana Official Indianapolis city government website establishments in the United States
"Phouoibi" or "Phouoipi" may refer to. Phouoibi, the Meitei goddess of bounty. Phouoibi Shayon, a Meitei mythological feature film. Phou oibi, the rice goddess, a Meitei ballad opera. Phouoibi Waron, an ancient Meitei scripture.
Towanda is a borough and the county seat of Bradford County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is located northwest of Wilkes Barre. As of the census the population of Towanda was ,. References Boroughs in Pennsylvania County seats in Pennsylvania
The median voter theorem is a theroem from political economics. Suppose there are two parties. One is a left wing party, the other is a right wing party. Voters either vote for the left wing party L, or the right wing party R. In an election, L has an interest to shift its position towards the middle, so that it can get voters from the other party R. Similarly, R has an interest to shift its position towards the middle, so ir can get voters from L. Economics theorems
Anupriya Kapoor is an Indian television Actress from Delhi. She known for her role as Taani Bannerjee in Tere Liye. Television Awards References births Living people Indian television actors
Silloth is a town and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In there were people living in Silloth. References Towns in Cumbria Civil parishes in Cumbria
Cyberphobia is a fear of working with computers. People who have cyberphobia are afraid or not able to learn new technologies. It is a type of specific phobia. It was first used in . References Phobias
San Giorgio Canavese is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont. Settlements in Piedmont
is a Japanese movie actor. He is most known in the west for his roles in the Godzilla movie series. He appeared in the American reboot of the franchise. He also appeared in Half Human (), The Last War (), Frankenstein Conquers the World (), King Kong Escapes (), and Latitude Zero (). References Other websites births Living people Japanese movie actors Japanese television actors
Die Caufner Schwestern was a group of three singers founded in East Germany in . The three sisters Juliane Albrecht (née Kaufner), Isa Kaufner and Irina Kaufner were the members of the group. The group mostly played disco music. Band history Even as children, the four sisters Iris, Juliane, Isa and Irina Kaufner sang at the same time together in Rostock. Juliane and Isa were taught to have better vocals from to and were members of the College Formation. The pieces of music Dein und mein, Als ich nachher von dir ging and Vom Träumen with Isa Caufner as solo singer were on the compilation LP Examen in Musik, published in . Juliane Kaufner married the musician and later Amiga music producer Klaus Peter "Biene" Albrecht. In , the four sisters founded the vocal quartet Caufner Collection. They were on the television show Familien Disko in . Iris Kaufner left the group. The band had to name itself Caufner Schwestern instead. By , there was five episodes for the family disco. In , their first single Komm doch was released. The next single, "Laß dieses „he“", was also released in . For their tour program Drei unterwegs, they were awarded the sponsorship award by the General Director of the Komitee für Unterhaltungskunst. Die Caufner Schwestern appeared on the television show Ein Kessel Buntes and also performed concerts abroad. In , Isa Kaufner left the group to perform as Isa Caufner. As well as other things, she played for three months in November in the play "Die Menschenfresserin" by the Bulgarian dramatist Ivan Radojew at the Volksbühne Berlin. In the musical piece Man weiß ja nie by Die Caufner Schwestern and Ich bin ich by Isa Caufner were released on a compilation LP. Juliane Albrecht and Irina Kaufner performed as a duo until . Irina died of cancer in . In , Juliane Albrecht and her husband and other musicians founded the country band Country Delight, which, as of , they still belong to. Discography Singles . Komm doch / Ich hab’ dich lieb (Amiga) . Laß dieses „he“ / Was nun (Amiga) In compilations . Man weiß ja nie und Ich bin ich (Solo von Isa Caufner) auf Hast du mich noch lieb. (Amiga) Literature Artikel in Melodie und Rhythmus / References Other websites  Die Caufner Schwestern on deutsche mugge.de German musical groups Disco groups East Germany
The Gallic group is a dynamical grouping of the prograde irregular satellites of Saturn following similar orbits. Their semi major axes range between and Gm, their inclinations between ° and °, and their eccentricities around .. The International Astronomical Union (IAU) reserves names taken from Gallic mythology for these moons. Similar mean orbital elements led the discoverers to postulate a common origin for the group in a break up of a larger body. The diagram illustrates the Gallic group in relation to other irregular satellites of Saturn. The eccentricity of the orbits is represented by the yellow segments (extending from the pericentre to the apocentre) with the inclination represented on Y axis. The four members of the group are (in order of increasing distance from Saturn). Albiorix Bebhionn Erriapo Tarvos The group was later found to be physically homogenous, all satellites displaying light red colour (colour indices B − V = . and V − R = .) and similar infrared indices Remarkably, recent observations revealed that the largest member of the group, Albiorix, displays actually two different colours. one compatible with Eriapo and Tarvos, and another less red. Instead of the common progenitor, it was postulated that Tarvos and Erriapus could be fragments of Albiorix, leaving a large, less red crater. Such an impact would require a body with the diameter in excess of km and relative velocity close to km/s, resulting in a large crater with the radius of km. Numerous, very large craters observed on Phoebe, prove the existence of such collisions in the Saturnian system's past. Other websites David Jewitt pages Scott Sheppard pages References Ephemeris from IAU Mean orbital parameters from JPL Saturn's moons
Tatamagouche (Mi'kmaq. Taqamiju’jk) is a village in Colchester County, Nova Scotia, Canada. References Other websites Dorje Denma Link Retreat. Village of Tatamagouche Link. Villages in Nova Scotia
Notre Dame d'Estrées is a former commune. It is in Basse Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. On January , it became part of the new commune Notre Dame d'Estrées Corbon. Former communes in Calvados
The European/South American Cup, commonly called the Intercontinental Cup or Toyota Cup, was a football competition by UEFA and CONMEBOL. The competition was between the winners of the European Champions League and the South American Copa Libertadores in a match played each year. The Cup was called the World Club Championship until the first FIFA Club World Cup was held in . It was played by representatives clubs of most developed continents in the football world. From , the Intercontinental Cup was replaced by the FIFA Club World Cup. The FIFA Club World Cup also includes North American, Asian, African and Oceanian winners. In FIFA officially recognized all of them as club world champions (de jure) with the same status to the FIFA Club World Cup winners or official world champions FIFA. In synthesis FIFA has two types of world champions, those deriving from the Intercontinental Cup and those deriving from the Club World Cup, the two competitions confer the same title. The football experts agree that the intercontinental cup is the most fascinating football competition ever existed thanks to the great balance in the field given by the lower economic gap of the time and rules on foreign players who gradually favored the European teams and weakened the South American teams. also the statistics confirm this. List Champions See also. Clubs of football world champions Since . FIFA Club World Cup Related pages FIFA Club World Championship Copa Toyota Libertadores UEFA Champions League Clubs of football world champions References Other websites International Clubs Cup The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation http.//www.fifa.com/ Football competitions UEFA CONMEBOL FIFA establishments
Rudolf Franz Ferdinand Höss (also Höß, Hoeß, or Hoess. November – April ) was a high ranking member of the Nazi Schutzstaffel (SS) during World War II. He was in charge of Auschwitz concentration camp for about four years. During World War II, Nazi Germany, led by Adolf Hitler, decided to exterminate (kill all of) the Jewish people in Europe. They called this plan the "Final Solution". The Nazis also sent many other people to concentration camps and extermination camps (death camps). As Commandant (commander) at Auschwitz, Höss tested and started using different ways of killing these people more quickly. He started using Zyklon B, a pesticide with hydrogen cyanide in it, to kill prisoners in gas chambers. This allowed Nazi soldiers at Auschwitz to murder , people every hour. At Auschwitz, he created the largest place meant for the constant mass murder of human beings ever known in history. Höss joined the Nazi Party in , and joined the SS in . From May to November , and again from May to January , he was in charge of Auschwitz. Before Nazi Germany lost World War II, more than a million people were murdered at Auschwitz. Höss was hanged in after he was found guilty at a trial in Warsaw, Poland. Life Höss was born in Baden Baden, Germany, on November . His parents were Franz Xaver Höss and Lina Höss. He was the oldest of three children, and was the only son. Höss's family was very Catholic. In his autobiography, Höss said that he was briefly kidnapped by Gypsies when he was a child. Höss's father was a former German army officer who had served in German East Africa (a German colony that included what are now Burundi, Rwanda, and part of Tanzania). After leaving the army, he ran a tea and coffee business. He brought up his son based on strict Catholic beliefs, and with military discipline. He had decided that Höss would become a Catholic priest. During Höss's early childhood, he was constantly being told about sin, guilt, and the need to do penance. Höss began turning against religion as a young teenager. This happened after he gave a confession to a priest (he told the priest what he had done wrong). In Catholicism, the "Seal of the Confessional" is supposed to be unbreakable. This means a priest is never supposed to tell anyone what someone has said in a confession. Höss said he started to dislike religion when the priest told Höss's father about something Höss had said in a confession. Soon after this, Höss's father died, and Höss began moving toward a military life. When World War I started, Höss served briefly in a military hospital. Then, at age , he was allowed to join his father's and grandfather's old regiment, the German Army's st Regiment of Dragoons. At age , he fought with the Ottoman Sixth Army at Baghdad, at Kut el Amara, and in Palestine. While stationed in Turkey, he rose to the rank of (sergeant). At age , he was the youngest non commissioned officer in the German Army. While in the Army, he was injured three times and got malaria. He was awarded the Ottoman Empire's Gallipoli Star, the Iron Cross first and second class, and other decorations. Nazi career After Germany surrendered in November , Höss finished high school. Soon, he joined the nationalist paramilitary groups that were forming. First, he joined the East Prussian Volunteer Corps. Then he joined the in the countries around the Baltic Sea, Silesia, and the Ruhr. Höss participated in the armed terror attacks on Polish people during the Silesian Uprisings (when the Polish people tried to break away from German control). He also participated in terror attacks on French nationals during the Occupation of the Ruhr (when the Ruhr valley in Germany was occupied by France and Belgium). Höss joined the Nazi Party in after hearing Adolf Hitler's speech in Munich. Höss led at least one political assassination, and spent six years in jail for it. On May , in Mecklenburg, Germany, Höss and members of the Freikorps (German volunteer soldiers) beat to death a local schoolteacher named Walther Kadow. They did this because Martin Bormann wanted them to. Bormann later became Hitler's private secretary. Bormann thought that Kadow had told the French occupational government Nazi soldier Albert Leo Schlageter was sabotaging French supply lines. Schlageter was arrested and executed on May . Soon afterward, Höss and several accomplices, including Bormann, killed Kadow out of revenge. In , after one of the killers confessed to a local newspaper, Höss was arrested and tried as the leader of the murder. Höss later said than another man was actually in charge, but at the time, Höss accepted the blame as the group's leader. He was convicted and sentenced (on or May ). His sentence was for years in Brandenburg Penitentiary (prison). Bormann was sentenced to one year in prison. Höss was released in July as part of a general amnesty. He joined the ("Artaman League"), a nationalist "back to the land" movement that supported clean, farm living. On August , Höss married Hedwig Hensel ( March – ), whom he met in the Artaman League. Between and , they had five children. two sons (Klaus and Hans Rudolf) and three daughters (Ingebrigitt, Heidetraut, and Annegret). Joining the SS Höss became a member of the SS on April , when Heinrich Himmler encouraged all Nazi men to join the SS. Höss joined the SS Totenkopfverbände (Death's Head Units) in the same year. He came to admire Himmler so much that he thought whatever Himmler said was "gospel." He even preferred to display Himmler's picture in his office instead of Hitler's. Höss was assigned to the Dachau concentration camp in December . There, he where he held the post of Blockführer ("Block Leader"), meaning he was in charge of one barracks of prisoners. In , Höss was promoted to SS Hauptsturmführer (Captain), and was made an assistant to Hermann Baranowski in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp. Höss joined the Waffen SS in after Nazi Germany invaded Poland. Höss was good at his job, and his bosses suggested that he should be promoted (given a better job). By the end of his tour of duty there, Höss was in charge of prisoners' belongings. Auschwitz command On May , Höss was appointed commandant of Auschwitz, which was a combination of concentration camps and an extermination camp. Höss commanded the camp for three and a half years. During this time, he changed the original camp into a huge complex (group of camps) called Auschwitz Birkenau. Höss went to Auschwitz determined "to do things differently" and develop a more efficient camp than the camps at Dachau and Sachsenhausen where he had worked before. Höss lived at Auschwitz in a villa with his wife and five children. The earliest inmates at Auschwitz were Soviet prisoners of war and Polish prisoners, including peasants and intellectuals. About of these prisoners arrived at Auschwitz in June . the Nazi guards told them they would not survive more than months. At its largest, Auschwitz included three major camps. Auschwitz I. The administrative centre for the whole complex Auschwitz II (Auschwitz Birkenau). The extermination camp, where people were sent to be killed right away Auschwitz III (Monowitz). The forced labor camp, where prisoners were forced to do slave labor for I.G. Farben, and later other German companies There were also many smaller "sub camps" nearby. The Auschwitz complex was built on about , hectares (, acres) that had been cleared of everyone who lived there. In June , Höss met with SS Commander Heinrich Himmler in Berlin. Himmler told Höss that Hitler had given the order for the Final Solution to kill all of the Jewish people. Himmler had chosen Auschwitz as the place where Europe's Jews would be exterminated. He chose Auschwitz "[because] of its easy access by rail [train] and also because the extensive site offered space for measures ensuring isolation." This meant that Auschwitz was big enough that the genocide of the Jews could be kept secret. Himmler described the project as a "secret Reich matter." Höss later said that "no one was allowed to speak about these matters with any person and that everyone promised upon his life to keep the utmost secrecy." Höss began testing and perfecting mass murder techniques on September . His experiments made Auschwitz the camp that would kill the most prisoners during the Holocaust. Höss later said that, during a regular day at Auschwitz, two to three trains carrying , prisoners each would arrive every day for periods of four to six weeks. The prisoners were unloaded in the Birkenau death camp. Prisoners who were strong, healthy, and able to work were marched to barracks in either Birkenau or one of the other Auschwitz camps. Prisoners who were elderly, very young, sick, or unable to do forced labor were killed in gas chambers, which were disguised as showers. At first, small gassing bunkers were located deep in the woods, to keep them secret. Later, four large gas chambers and crematoria were built in Birkenau to make it easier for the Nazis to kill more people, more quickly. Höss experimented with different poison gases. At first, he used cotton filters soaked in sulfuric acid. Höss later started using hydrogen cyanide (prussic acid), made from the pesticide Zyklon B, after his deputy Karl Fritzsch tested it on a group of Russian prisoners in . Höss said that when he used Zyklon B, it took – minutes for prisoners to die, and that "we knew when the people were dead because they stopped screaming." After Auschwitz On November , Arthur Liebehenschel became the Commandant at Auschwitz. Höss took over Liebehenschel's last job as the chairman of Amt D I in Amtsgruppe D of the SS Wirtschafts Verwaltungshauptamt (WVHA), which ran the concentration camps. Höss also was made the deputy (assistant) of Richard Glücks, the inspector of all of the concentration camps. On May , Höss returned to Auschwitz to supervise operation Aktion Höss. In Aktion Höss, , Hungarian Jews were sent to Auschwitz and killed in days. Even the huge facility that Höss had built could not handle the huge number of victims' corpses. The camp's staff had to burn thousands of bodies in open fire pits. Capture, trial, and execution In the last days of the war, Himmler told Höss to disguise himself among German Navy sailors. Höss avoided arrest for nearly a year. When he was captured by British soldiers on March in Gottrupel, he was disguised as a gardener and called himself Franz Lang. His wife, who feared that her son, Klaus, would be shipped off to the Soviet Union to be imprisoned or tortured, had told the British where Höss was. The British soldiers that captured Höss were led by Hanns Alexander, a young Jewish man from Berlin who was forced to flee to England with his entire family during the rise of Nazi Germany. Höss initially denied who he was, until Alexander noticed his wedding ring and demanded to see it. Höss refused to remove it, saying it was stuck on his finger. But when Alexander threatened to cut his finger off, Höss removed the ring. It had the names "Rudolf" and "Hedwig" engraved inside. After being questioned and beaten with axe handles by the British soldiers, Höss admitted who he really was. Höss appeared at the Nuremberg Trials on April , where he explained his crimes in detail. Kevin Jon Heller. The Nuremberg Military Tribunals and the Origins of International Criminal Law. Oxford University Press. . p.. Affidavits (sworn statements to the court) that Rudolf Höss made while imprisoned in Nuremberg were also used at the Pohl and IG Farben trials. In his affidavit made at Nuremberg on April , Höss stated. On May , Höss was handed over to Polish authorities, and the Supreme National Tribunal in Poland tried him for murder. His trial lasted from to March . During his trial, when accused of murdering three and a half million people, Höss replied, "No. Only two and one half million—the rest died from disease and starvation." Höss was sentenced to death by hanging on April . He was executed on April next to the crematorium of the former Auschwitz I concentration camp. He was hanged on a gallows built specifically for his execution, at the location of the camp's Gestapo. Today, a board that marks the site reads. Höss wrote his autobiography while awaiting execution. It was published in as , and later as Death Dealer. the Memoirs of the SS Kommandant at Auschwitz (among other editions). After discussions with Höss during the Nuremberg Trials where Höss testified, the American military psychologist Gustave Gilbert wrote. Four days before he was executed, Höss apologized for his crimes in a message to the state prosecutor. Shortly before his execution, Höss returned to the Catholic Church. On April , he received the sacrament of penance from Friar Władysław Lohn, S.J. On the next day, the same priest gave Höss Holy Communion as Viaticum (the Eucharist given to a person who is dying). Handwritten confession Höss's original confession, with his signature, is displayed in a glass case in the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D.C. Behind the confession is a photo showing Hungarian Jewish women and children walking to one of the four gas chambers in the Birkenau death camp on May . Dates of rank and awards { width="%" valign="top" { class="wikitable float right" style="font size. %." + Höss's SS ranks .Date .Rank September SS Anwärter (candidate) April SS Mann (Private) April SS Sturmmann (Lance corporal) November SS Unterscharführer (Corporal) April SS Scharführer (Sergeant) July SS Oberscharführer (Staff Sergeant) March SS Hauptscharführer (First Sergeant) September SS Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) September SS Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) November SS Hauptsturmführer (Captain) January SS Sturmbannführer (Major) July SS Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant colonel) } valign="top" Awards and decorations Iron Cross () First & Second Class War Merit Cross (with Swords) First & Second Class SS Long Service Award ( years) Police Long Service Award ( years) General Service Gau Badge () Baltic Cross SA Sports Badge (in Bronze) German Sports Badge (in Bronze) Wound Badge () in Silver Gallipoli Star (Ottoman Empire) Baden Military Bravery Medal Austrian War Service Medal Honour Chevron for the Old Guard SS Honour Ring SS Honour Sword SS Julleuchter } References Notes Bibliography Autobiography, edited by Steven Paskuly and translated by Andrew Pollinger. Death Dealer. The Memoirs of the SS Kommandant at Auschwitz. Buffalo, N.Y.. Prometheus Books, . . Google Books preview. Höß, Rudolf. Kommandant in Auschwitz. autobiographische Aufzeichnungen. Veröffentlichungen des Instituts für Zeitgeschichte. Quellen und Darstellungen zur Zeitgeschichte, Bd. . Stuttgart. Deutsche Verlags Anstalt, . Höss, Rudolf. Commandant of Auschwitz. The Autobiography of Rudolf Hoess. (Constantine FitzGibbon, trans.) London. Phoenix Press, . . (A different translation of Kommandant in Auschwitz.) Gilbert, Gustave. [] . Nuremberg Diary. USA. Da Capo Press. . SS Personnel Service Record of Rudolf Höss, National Archives and Records Administration, College Park, Maryland, US. Ravenswood, Linda, Frau Kommandant Hoess' Pink Cardigan, Rivets Literary Magazine, . Further reading Fest, Joachim C. and Bullock, Michael (trans.) "Rudolf Höss The Man in the Crowd" in The Face of the Third Reich New York. Penguin, (orig. published in German in ), pp. –. ISBN . Other websites Modern History Sourcebook. Rudolf Hoess, Commandant of Auschwitz. Testimony at Nuremberg, Hanns and Rudolf births deaths Colonels Executed German people Executed Nazis German war criminals Holocaust perpetrators People executed by hanging People from Baden Württemberg SS officers Waffen SS people
Strictly My N.I.G.G.A.Z. is the second studio album by American rapper, Tupac Shakur. Strictly My N.I.G.G.A.Z. was released on February , . The album is Pac's tenth biggest selling album with ,, units moved to date. Songs References albums Tupac Shakur albums
The Royal Observatory, Greenwich (Royal Greenwich Observatory or 'RGO') was commissioned in by King Charles II. At this time the king also created the position of Astronomer Royal, for John Flamsteed, to serve as the director of the observatory. He was to "apply himself with the most exact care and diligence to the rectifying of the tables of the motions of the heavens, and the places of the fixed stars, so as to find out the so much desired longitude of places for the perfecting of the art of navigation". The Observatory is situated on a hill in Greenwich Park in Greenwich, London, overlooking the River Thames. The Greenwich Meridian runs through the site of the Observatory. It is the line at which the longitude is defined as °. Other websites HM Nautical Almanac Office The Royal Observatory, Greenwich Aerial View of The Royal Observatory, Greenwich at Google Maps The National Maritime Museum The RGO at Herstmonceux The Observatory Science Centre Isaac Newton Group of Telescopes References Observatories Museums in London
Florence County is a county in the state of South Carolina, United States. As of the census, , people lived there. Its county seat is Florence. References s establishments in South Carolina establishments in the United States South Carolina counties
Events Leipzig becomes a city. England starts to take over Ireland. Births Pope Innocent III Emperor Takakura of Japan Genghis Khan, leader and founder of the Mongol Empire Deaths Eric IX of Sweden Emperor Qinzong of China Theobald of Bec, Archbishop of Canterbury Leaders Theobald of Bec, Archbishop of Canterbury (–) Thomas Becket, Archbishop of Canterbury (–) s
Paul Kalas (August , ) is an American astronomer. His discovery of a planet outside of our solar system become famous. The planet is referred to as Fomalhaut b. References Other website http.//arxiv.org/PS_cache/arxiv/pdf//.v.pdf P. G. Kalas at Berkeley births Living people American astronomers
Bi can mean. The chemical symbol for bismuth Bisexuality The number two.
Peter Kent Navarro (born July , ) is an American economist and author. He works in the Trump administration as the Assistant to the President, Director of Trade and Manufacturing Policy, and the national Defense Production Act policy coordinator. He was a Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of the White House National Trade Council, a newly created job in the executive branch of the U.S. government. He is also a professor emeritus of economics and public policy at the Paul Merage School of Business, University of California, Irvine, and the author of Death by China. References births Living people American economists American political writers Educators from Massachusetts Politicians from Massachusetts Writers from Massachusetts People from Cambridge, Massachusetts US Republican Party politicians
St. Michael's Church, also known as the Michaelskirche (Church of St Michael), is a church in Bamberg. It was built in the th century. It stands on the top of a very high hill overlooking the town of Bamberg. It can be seen from nearly all directions. Bamberg is built on seven hills, each with a building at the top. The hill on which the St Michael’s Church stands is the highest one. An old, cobbled road with some ancient houses leads from the cathedral up to the church. Not far beyond the church are fields and woods. The church is built in the Romanesque style. It used to be the church of a Benedictine monastery. The monastery was secularized in . There is now an almshouse there as well as a museum and municipal art collections. History Emperor Heinrich II (Henry II) was the founder of the Bishopric of Bamberg. The first bishop of Bamberg was Eberhard, who founded the abbey of St Michael. It belonged to the bishop. The abbot had to obey the bishop. The monks who came to live there came from the towns of Amorbach and Fulda. In the th century the abbey flourished. This was the time of Bishop Otto of Bamberg. The abbey started to become more independent of the bishop. The abbey went through hard times during the wars around . In the th and th centuries it went through better times again. When the bishops lost their political power in the abbey started to belong to the town. The people asked for the almshouses in the town to be moved to the St Michael abbey. There is still a home for old people there today. Inside the church Behind the altar is the tomb of Bishop Otto of Bamberg which dates from . There is a hole in the middle of the tomb which is just big enough for a person to crawl through. Visitors to the church like to crawl through the hole, because it is said that it helps people who have backache. The roof of the nave has paintings of different kinds of plants. These include plants from faraway countries, e.g. pineapple, cotton, pomegranate and tobacco as well as plants that are found locally. The paintings date from the th century. Many of the plants were grown in the herb gardens around the church. In the side isles of the church the ceiling has more paintings. These include paintings of birds. Buildings and structures in Bamberg Churches in Germany
Music described as piano six hands is for three pianists at one piano, as distinct from piano duet which is music for two pianists at one piano, and from piano trio which is music for piano, violin and cello. Not much music has been written for this combination, although there are several arrangements of music originally written for other forces. Examples Compositions include pieces by Percy Grainger, Sergei Rachmaninoff's Romance and Valse, Alfred Schnittke's Hommage, Carl Czerny's op. and , Jean Cras's "Âmes d’enfants", Paul Robinson (composer)'s "Pensees" and "Monmartre", various pieces by German composer Armin Fuchs, Bulgarian composer Tomislav Baynov's "Metrorhythmia ", John Pitts's "Are You Going.", Greek composer Dionysis Boukouvalas's "Fantasy on a theme by Steve Reich", Canadian composer Paul Frehner's "Slowdown" and Italian composer Fabio Mengozzi's "Promenade". References Musical terminology Piano
Toucy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. References INSEE Communes in Yonne
The Indulkana Range is a range of hills in the northwest of South Australia. It is sometimes called the Mount Chandler Range after its highest peak. It is located to the southwest of Indulkana, on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara lands. The mountains of the Indulkana area are part of the traditional country of the Yankunytjatjara and Antakarinya. The range consists of a series of parallel ridges running east to west. The southern side of the range ends in an escarpment, the most prominent point of which is Chambers Bluff. The rock is made up of quartzite and sandstone rock, resting on slates of kaolinised clay. At the eastern end of the range is Mount Chandler, which overlooks the settlement of Indulkana and the Indulkana Creek. It rises about from its base. It is made up of quartzite, quartz sandstone and sandstone. Slightly north of the escarpment, and following its path from east to west, is a series of gorges that split the hills. The gorges contain several reliable springs. References Other websites Geological details from Geoscience Australia. Indulkana Shale Mount Chandler Sandstone Chambers Bluff Tillite Mountain ranges of Australia Mountains of South Australia
Utica is a town in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Yankton County, and people lived there at the census. References Towns in South Dakota
Frasdorf is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district (Landkreis) in Upper Bavaria. References Other websites Municipality website Rosenheim (district)
Kiwirrkura (also spelled Kiwirrkurra) is a small community in Western Australia, near to Lake Mackay. It is  km west of Alice Springs. It has been said to be the most remote community in Australia. It was established by Pintupi people as an outstation in the early s. It became a permanent settlement in . It was one of the last areas with nomadic, hunter gatherer Aboriginals. the last group were settled here in . The town was evacuated in March because of serious floods. The population (about people) were first moved to Kintore, then to Alice Springs and then finally to the Goldfields of Western Australia, over south of Kiwirrkurra. At Alice Springs, the people drunk alcohol for the first time. This led to major conflicts and violence. The community moved back to Kiwirrkurra in late . Though they had been evacuated and living in other places at the time, the Kiwirrkurra people gained native title over the area on October . The title covered of the land and waters around the town. References Towns in Western Australia Indigenous Australian communities Pintupi establishments s establishments in Australia
Marcel Paul Herriot ( May – September ) was a Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Moussey, Vosges, France. Herriot was ordained to the priesthood in . He served bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Verdun, France, from to . He then served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Soissons from to . Herriot died on September in Saint Dié des Vosges, Vosges, France at the age of . References Other websites Fiche French official website Fiche from catholic hierarchy.org births deaths French Roman Catholics People from Grand Est Roman Catholic bishops
George Douglas Sanders (July , – April , ) was an American professional golfer. He won events on the PGA Tour and had four runner up finishes at major championships. He was born in Cedartown, Georgia. He was a member of the U.S. Ryder Cup team in , which won in Houston. Sanders died in Houston on April , from dementia related problems, at the age of . References births deaths Deaths from dementia American golfers Sportspeople from Georgia (U.S. state) Sportspeople from Houston, Texas
Wardner is a city in Idaho in the United States. Cities in Idaho
Jeanne Brousse (maiden name. Maurier. April , – October , ) was a French resistance member. She was born in Saint Pierre de Curtille in the Savoie region of France. Jeanne Brousse was a member of the French Resistance during World War II. In she was awarded the title of a Righteous Among The Nations. In , Brousse was one of the founding members of the French chapter of the association of the Righteous Among The Nations. In , she joined the French Yad Vashem committee, of which she remained the Vice President for several years. In , Jeanne Brousse was awarded the Legion of Honour. Brousse died on October in Annecy, France at the age of . References births deaths French people World War II people
The Texican is a American Spanish western movie directed by Lesley Selander and starring Audie Murphy, Broderick Crawford, Diana Lorys, Luz Márquez, Anthony Casas, Antonio Molino Rojo, Aldo Sambrell. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures. Other websites movies s western movies American western movies Spanish movies Movies directed by Lesley Selander Columbia Pictures movies
Materials science studies the properties of matter to solve science and engineering problems. It uses applied physics and chemistry. Supersmall nanotechnology has got attention in recent years. There are many inventions of new material. Work on why structures fail or break down is very important to engineering. History The important material of a given era is often its defining point. Examples are the Stone Age, Bronze Age, and Iron Age. Materials science originally studied ceramics and metallurgy. These ancient crafts make materials science one of the oldest forms of engineering and applied science. A major breakthrough in the understanding of materials occurred in the late th century, when the American scientist Josiah Willard Gibbs showed that the physical properties of a material were related to its atomic structure. As the phases changed, so did the physical properties of the material. Important elements of modern materials science are a product of the space race. the understanding and engineering of the metallic alloys, and silica and carbon materials, used in the construction of space exploration vehicles. Materials science is now linked to the development of plastics, semiconductors, ceramics, polymers, magnetic materials, medical implant materials and biological materials. The material scientist/engineer also deals with the extraction of materials and their conversion into useful forms. So, ingot casting, foundry techniques, blast furnace extraction, and electrolytic extraction are all part of the required knowledge of a metallurgist/engineer. Often the presence, absence or variation of minute quantities of secondary elements and compounds in a bulk material will have a great impact on the final properties of the materials produced, for instance, steels are classified based on / and / weight percentages of the carbon and other alloying elements they contain. Thus, the extraction and purification techniques employed in the extraction of iron in the blast furnace will have an impact of the quality of steel that may be produced. Cause of failures The study of disasters in the th and th century led to some important discoveries. A.A. Griffith (–) discovered that real materials never get near their theoretical strength. This was a groundbreaking discovery which led to changes in many industries. As an example, steel gets almost /th of its theoretical strength, but most solids are to times weaker than expected. Griffith's insights were developed further by J.E. Gordon (–). Gordon said that all simple solids are by their nature brittle. Toughness – resistance to fracture – has to be designed into materials. The usual way is to add other material to the pure substance. This makes its structure more complex, and that makes it less likely to fail. A good example is bulletproof glass, where a plastic layer stuck to glass make it many times stronger than either material would be separately. The personal armour based on Kevlar is another example. Biological materials have this feature naturally. Bones do bend a little before they reach breaking point, and tree trunks also have some "give". Metal alloys The industrial study of metal alloys is a large part of materials science. Of all the metallic alloys in use today, the alloys of iron (steel, stainless steel, cast iron, tool steel, alloy steels) make up the largest proportion both by quantity and commercial value. Iron alloyed with various proportions of carbon gives low, mid and high carbon steels. An iron carbon alloy is only considered steel if the carbon level is between .% and .%. For the steels, the hardness and tensile strength of the steel is related to the amount of carbon present. Increasing carbon levels leads to lower ductility and toughness. Heat treatment processes such as quenching and tempering can significantly change these properties however. Cast Iron is defined as an Iron Carbon alloy with more than .% but less than .% carbon. Stainless steel is defined as a regular steel alloy with greater than % by weight alloying content of chromium. Nickel and molybdenum are also found in stainless steels. Other significant metallic alloys are those of aluminium, titanium, copper and magnesium. Copper alloys have been known for a long time (since the Bronze Age), while the alloys of the other three metals have been relatively recently developed. Due to the chemical reactivity of these metals, the electrolytic extraction processes required were only developed relatively recently. The alloys of aluminium, titanium and magnesium are also known and valued for their high strength to weight ratios and, in the case of magnesium, their ability to provide electromagnetic shielding. These materials are ideal for situations where high strength to weight ratios are more important than bulk cost, such as in the aerospace industry and certain automotive engineering applications. Polymers Polymers are also an important part of materials science. They are the raw materials used to make what we commonly call plastics. Plastics are really the final product. They are made when polymers or additives have been added to a resin during processing. The mixture is then shaped into a final form. Common polymers are, include polyethylene, polypropylene, PVC, polystyrene, nylons, polyesters, acrylics, polyurethanes, and polycarbonates. PVC (polyvinyl chloride) is widely used, inexpensive, and annual production quantities are large. It lends itself to an incredible array of uses, from artificial leather to electrical insulation and cabling, packaging and containers. It is simple to make. It accepts a wide range of plasticisers and other additives, which give it differing properties. Ceramics and glasses Another application of the material sciences is the structures of glass and ceramics, typically associated with the most brittle materials. Ceramics and glasses use covalent bonds and ionic covalent bonds with SiO, silica or sand, as a fundamental building block. Ceramics are as soft as clay and as hard as stone and concrete. Usually, they are crystalline in form. Most glasses contain a metal oxide fused with silica. At high temperatures used to prepare glass, the material is a viscous liquid. Glass forms into an amorphous structure when it is cooled. Windowpanes and eyeglasses are important examples. Fibers of glass are also available. Diamond and carbon in its graphite form are considered to be ceramics. Engineering ceramics are known for their stiffness, high temperature, and stability under compression and electrical stress. Alumina, silica carbide, and tungsten carbide are made from a fine powder of their constituents in a process of sintering with a binder. Hot pressing provides higher density material. Chemical vapor deposition can place a film of a ceramic on another material. Cermets are ceramic particles containing some metals. The wear resistance of tools is derived from cemented carbides with the metal phase of cobalt and nickel typically added to modify properties. Composite materials Another application of material science in industry is the making of composite materials. Composite materials are structured materials composed of two or more macroscopic phases. Applications range from structural elements such as steel reinforced concrete, to the thermally insulative tiles which play a key and integral role in National Aeronautics and Space Administration's (NASA) Space Shuttle thermal protection system which is used to protect the surface of the shuttle from the heat of re entry into the Earth's atmosphere. One example is Reinforced Carbon Carbon (RCC), The light gray material which withstands re entry temperatures up to  °C ( °F) and protects the Space Shuttle's wing leading edges and nose cap. RCC is a laminated composite material made from graphite rayon cloth and impregnated with a phenolic resin. After curing at high temperature in an autoclave, the laminate is pyrolized to convert the resin to carbon, impregnated with furfural alcohol in a vacuum chamber, and cured/pyrolized to convert the furfural alcohol to carbon. In order to provide oxidation resistance for reuse capability, the outer layers of the RCC are converted to silicon carbide. Other examples can be seen in the "plastic" casings of television sets, cell phones and similar objects. These plastic casings are usually a composite material. It is a thermoplastic matrix such as acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) in which calcium carbonate chalk, talc, glass fibers or carbon fibers have been added for added strength, bulk, or electro static dispersion. These additions may be referred to as reinforcing fibers, or dispersants, depending on their purpose. New magnetic material A new magnetic material has been discovered. It could transform computer hard drives and energy storage devices. A highly sensitive metal bilayer needs only a small shift in temperature to dramatically alter its magnetism. This is a very useful property in electronic engineering. "No other material known to man can do this. It's a huge effect. And we can engineer it", said Ivan Schuller, of the University of California, San Diego. The material combines thin layers of nickel and vanadium oxide. This is a structure which is surprisingly responsive to heat. "We can control the magnetism in just a narrow range of temperature without applying a magnetic field. And in principle we could also control it with voltage or current", said Prof Schuller. Classes of materials Materials science encompasses various classes of materials, each of which may constitute a separate field. Materials are sometimes classified by the type of bonding present between the atoms. Ionic crystals Covalent crystals Metals Intermetallics Semiconductors Polymers Composite materials Vitreous materials References Further reading Other websites BBC News Science of materials.
Isojärvi National Park () is a national park in Central Finland. It covers square kilometers (. sq mi) and was founded in . Its vegetation is dominated by Scots pine and Norway spruce forests. Evidence has been found of early human settlements in the area. References th century establishments in Finland establishments in Europe Protected areas Geography of Finland
A chart or graph is an image which summarizes data and presents it in an easy to understand way. Charts are often used to make it easier to understand the relationships of different aspects of the data. It is easier to read a chart than the raw data. Types of charts A bar chart uses bars to show values for different categories. A pie chart shows percentage values as a slice of a pie. A flow chart shows the separate steps of a process. C
Bromley is a large suburban borough in southeast London, England Bromley is located south east of Charing Cross. It is the administrative headquarters of the London Borough of Bromley, and is considered to be a major metropolitan centre in the London Plan. London
Concha Ibáñez Escobar, also, Conxa Ibáñez (born ) is a Catalan painter and writer. She is known as a landscape artist. She has painted scenes in Catalonia, Castile, Andalusia, the Balearic Islands, the Canary Islands, Venice, Greece, Maghreb, Cuba, New York City. Her illustrations in oil or engraving accompanied the works of the writers Baltasar Porcel, Miquel de Palol, Marta Pessarrodona, Cesareo Rodriguez Aguilera and Josep Maria Carandell. Ibáñez was born in Canet de Mar, Catalonia. References births Living people Spanish painters Spanish writers
Lauterach is a market town in the district Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. As of January , it has about , people lived there. The market town is in the northern part of the Vorarlberg Rhine Valley between Bregenz and Dornbirn. References Other websites Lauterach's website Settlements in Vorarlberg
The Parliament of Nauru is the unicameral legislature of Nauru. It has members and they are elected for a three year term in multi seat constituencies. The President of Nauru is elected by the members of the Parliament. The number of seats was increased to in . References Nauru
Skagit Valley is a valley in Washington in the United States. It contains the Skagit River. There was a plan to build nuclear power plants in Skagit Valley but the people didn't want them. Geography of Washington (U.S. state) Valleys of the United States
Julian Wyatt Glover (born March ) is an English actor. He is known for his roles as General Maximilian Veers in The Empire Strikes Back, Aristotle Kristatos in the James Bond movie For Your Eyes Only, Walter Donovan in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Brian Harcourt Smith in The Fourth Protocol. He also voiced the giant spider Aragog in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. References Other websites births Living people English movie actors English television actors English stage actors English voice actors Actors from London Actors who played Bond villains
The Redhead and the Cowboy is a American western movie directed by Leslie Fenton and starring Glenn Ford, Rhonda Fleming, Edmond O'Brien, Alan Reed, Morris Ankrum, Edith Evanson, Jeff York. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures. Other websites movies s western movies American western movies Movies directed by Leslie Fenton Paramount Pictures movies
Cathleen Cochran Herasimchuk, known as Cathy Cochran (November , – February , ), was an American lawyer and politician. She was judge of the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals. She was appointed to the court in by Governor Rick Perry and elected by Texas voters in and . She did not seek re election to the bench in . Cochran was born in Los Angeles County, California. She died on February , in Austin, Texas, aged . References births deaths American judges Politicians from Los Angeles County, California US Republican Party politicians Politicians from Austin, Texas
An ecozone or biogeographic realm is the largest scale biogeographic division of the earth's surface. These divisions are based on the historic and evolutionary distribution of plants and animals. Ecozones represent large areas of the Earth surface where plants and animals developed in relative isolation over long periods of time, and are separated from one another by geologic features, such as oceans, broad deserts, or high mountain ranges, that formed barriers to plant and animal migration. Ecozones correspond to the floristic kingdoms of botany or zoogeographic regions of mammal zoology. Ecozones are characterized by the evolutionary history of the plants and animals they contain. As such, they are distinct from biomes, also known as major habitat types, which are divisions of the earth's surface based on life form, or the adaptation of plants and animals to climatic, soil, and other conditions. Biomes are characterized by similar climax vegetation, regardless of the evolutionary lineage of the specific plants and animals. Each ecozone may include a number of different biomes. A tropical forest in Central America, for example, may be similar to one in New Guinea in its vegetation type, but these forests are inhabited by plants and animals with very different evolutionary histories. The patterns of plant and animal distribution in the world's ecozones was shaped by the process of plate tectonics, which has redistributed the world's land masses over geological history. The term ecozone, as used here, is a fairly recent development, and other terms, including kingdom, realm, and region, are used by other authorities with the same meaning. J. Schultz uses the term "ecozone" to refer his classification system of biomes. Biogeographical realms In Miklos Udvardy proposed a system of biogeographical provinces, which were grouped into eight biogeographical realms (Afrotropical, Antarctic, Australian, Indomalayan, Nearctic, Neotropical, Oceanian, and Palaearctic). Udvardy's goal was to create an integrated ecological land classification system that could be used for conservation purposes. WWF Ecozones The WWF ecozones are based largely on the biogeographic realms of Pielou () and Udvardy (). A team of biologists convened by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) developed a system of eight biogeographic realms (ecozones) as part of their delineation of the world's over terrestrial ecoregions. Nearctic . mil. km² (including most of North America) Palearctic . mil. km² (including the bulk of Eurasia and North Africa) Afrotropic . mil. km² (including Sub Saharan Africa) Indomalaya . mil. km² (including the South Asian subcontinent and Southeast Asia) Australasia . mil. km² (including Australia, New Guinea, and neighbouring islands). The northern boundary of this zone is known as the Wallace line. Neotropic . mil. km² (including South America and the Caribbean) Oceania . mil. km² (including Polynesia, Fiji and Micronesia) Antarctic . mil. km² (including Antarctica). The WWF scheme is broadly similar to Udvardy's system, the chief difference being the delineation of the Australasian ecozone relative to the Antarctic, Oceanic, and Indomalayan ecozones. In the WWF system, The Australasia ecozone includes Australia, Tasmania, the islands of Wallacea, New Guinea, the East Melanesian islands, New Caledonia, and New Zealand. Udvardy's Australian realm includes only Australia and Tasmania. he places Wallacea in the Indomalayan Realm, New Guinea, New Caledonia, and East Melanesia in the Oceanian Realm, and New Zealand in the Antarctic Realm. References Cox, C. Barry & Peter D. Moore . Biogeography. an ecological and evolutionary approach. th ed, Blackwell Scientific Publications, Oxford. Dinerstein, Eric. David Olson. Douglas J. Graham. et al. . A conservation assessment of the terrestrial ecoregions of Latin America and the Caribbean. World Bank, Washington DC. Ricketts, Taylor H. et al. . Terrestrial ecoregions of North America. a conservation assessment. Island Press, Washington DC. Schultz J. . The Ecozones of the World. nd ed, Springer, Berlin Heidelberg New York. Udvardy M.D.F. . A classification of the biogeographical provinces of the world. IUCN Occasional Paper #. Morges, Switzerland. IUCN. Wikramanayake, Eric. et al. . Terrestrial ecoregions of the Indo Pacific. a conservation assessment. Island Press. Washington DC.
Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington ( December  – November ) was an important English scientist. He was an astronomer, physicist, and mathematician in the early th century. Eddington did his greatest work in astrophysics. He was also a philosopher of science and a populariser of science. The Eddington limit is named after him. It is the natural limit to the luminosity of stars, or the radiation generated by accretion onto a compact object (which is what causes the luminosity). Around , he anticipated the discovery and mechanism of nuclear fusion in stars. This was published in his paper "The Internal Constitution of the Stars". At that time, the source of stellar energy was a complete mystery. Eddington was the first to correctly speculate that the source was fusion of hydrogen into helium. He is also famous for his work on the theory of relativity. Eddington wrote a number of articles that explained Einstein's theory of general relativity to the English speaking world. World War I severed many lines of scientific communication and new developments in German science were not well known in England. He also conducted an expedition to observe the solar eclipse of May . That gave one of the earliest confirmations of general relativity.The observations showed that light from stars which passed close by the Sun was slightly bent towards the Sun. This was predicted by the general theory of relativity. He became known for his popular expositions and interpretations of the theory. References births deaths English astronomers English mathematicians English physicists
The Pine Barrens or Pinelands are a place in New Jersey in the eastern United States. They are in the southern part of the state. Sometimes the word "Pinelands" only means the Pinelands Natural Reserve. Size The Pinelands Natural Reserve is a large part of the Pine Barrens. It is . million acres in size. They are percent of all New Jersey's area. Not all of the Pine Barrens are in the Pinelands Natural Reserve. Ecology The United States Congress made the Pine Barrens Natural Reserve in . Because there is so much sand and acid in the soil, people did not want to make farms in the Pine Barrens. But the water in the Pine Barrens was very pure. Sea captains liked to take water from the Pine Barrens with them on long trips because it did not go bad quickly. The iron in the soil and tannin chemicals from the cedar trees kept bacteria from turning the water bad. Sometimes the Atlantic white cedar trees die. This is because salt water rises into the Pine Barrens. It has happened many times, but the trees eventually come back. Scientists think that climate change might mean the trees will die and not grow back. History Some of the people who moved to the Pine Barrens in the s were Quakers who had fought in the American Revolution. The other Quakers had thrown them out because Quakers are not supposed to kill other human beings. British loyalists also came to the Pine Barrens in the s. Outlaws and other criminals came too. In , Elizabeth Kite wrote about the pine barrens, saying the people there were uneducated and many were criminals. Later, she said she regretted writing this because instead of helping the people in the pine barrens, newspapers made things worse. In , the Chatsworth Fire burned , acres of the Pine Barrens. Industry People in the Pine Barrens made charcoal, glass, cabinets, paper, and bricks. In the s and s, people came to the Pine Barrens to find jobs. Legends Legends say that a creature called the Jersey Devil lives in the Pine Barrens. References Geography of the United States New Jersey
The Mozambican Civil War was a civil war fought in Mozambique from to . Like many regional African wars during the late twentieth century, the Mozambican Civil War was affected by the Cold War politics. The war was fought between Mozambique's ruling Front for the Liberation of Mozambique (FRELIMO) and insurgent forces of the Mozambican National Resistance (RENAMO). he Mozambican Civil War destroyed much of Mozambique's rural infrastructure, including hospitals, rail lines, roads, and schools. FRELIMO's security forces and RENAMO insurgents were accused of committing numerous human rights abuses, including using child soldiers and salting a significant percentage of the countryside indiscriminately with land mines. References Mozambique Civil wars involving Africa Cold War s in Africa s conflicts s conflicts s conflicts s in Africa
Agua Dulce is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is located on the Texas Mexican Railway at the intersection of Farm Road and State Highway in west central Nueces County. It is named after the local creek of the same name, Agua Dulce is "sweet water" in Spanish. History Founded sometime prior to , a post office was granted in and the Agua Dulce Independent School District was founded two years later. The population of Agua Dulce was in . The school system merged with Bentonville about the time that the first seismographic survey in Nueces County was being conducted. This resulted in a minor oil boom with gas and oil wells developed. During WWII the population increased from to . It has remained more or less at that level ever since. References Cities in Texas
Eva Luna is a telenovela produced by Venevisión International with Univision Studios. It starred Blanca Soto, Guy Ecker, and Jorge Lavat as the main protagonists, and Julian Gil and Susana Dosamantes as the main antagonists. It is a remake of Telemundo's telenovela Aguamarina. Univision aired Eva Luna weeknights at pm/pm central from November , to April , , and a TV rating was applied for all episodes. Mexico's Canal de las Estrellas aired Eva Luna from September , to January , . References s American television series Telenovelas American television series debuts American television series endings
Raymond "Ray" Griff (April , – March , ) was a Canadian country music singer songwriter. He was from Vancouver, British Columbia. Griff began songwriting in the early s. Griff moved to Nashville in to pursue his music career full time. His first records as a singer were released in the late s. Griff had his first hit, "Patches", a remake of the Clarence Carter soul hit in which peaked at No.  in Billboard. Griff recorded for the small country label Royal American and later moved on to Dot Records without much success. His stint at Capitol Records from was more successful, racking up eight more country top hits, the most successful being 's "If I Let Her Come In" which peaked at No. . Griff died in Canada from pneumonia after going through surgery on March , . He was aged . References births deaths Canadian singer songwriters Deaths from pneumonia Deaths from surgical complications Musicians from Vancouver
Sousse or Soussa ( , Berber. Susa) is a city in Tunisia, capital of the Sousse Governorate. It is located south of the capital Tunis, the city has , inhabitants (). Sousse is in the central east of the country, on the Gulf of Hammamet, which is a part of the Mediterranean Sea. Cities in Tunisia
Santa Ana is a department in El Salvador. The capital is Santa Ana, one of the largest cities in El Salvador. The department was created in during the presidency of José María San Martín. The Santa Ana Volcano is in this department. The main rivers are the Lempa and the Guajoyo rivers. The most important lakes in the department are Lake Güija on the border with Guatemala, and Lake Coatepeque which is in the southern part of the department. Municipalities Santa Ana is divided into municipalities. Departments of El Salvador establishments Establishments in El Salvador s establishments in North America
Bartlett is a city in Shelby County, Tennessee, United States, located northeast of Memphis. The population was , at the U.S. Census. References Cities in Tennessee
Monchy au Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord Pas de Calais in the Pas de Calais department in the north of France. Communes in Pas de Calais
Liberation theology is a movement within the theology of Christianity. It is particularly active in the Roman Catholic Church. The Jesuits are one of the orders who also follow it. Liberation Theology aims to help the poor people in the world. Often, its ideas are strongly coupled and influenced by those of Socialism and Marxism. Christian theology
Saroja Ramamrutham (Tamil. சரோஜா ராமாமிருதம், January – October ), better known by her screen name Baby Saroja, was an Indian actress. She was known for her roles as a child actor in Tamil movies of the late s. She was known as the "Shirley Temple of India" due to her popularity. Her best known roles were Balayogini (), Thyagabhoomi () and Kamadhenu (). Saroja died on October at her Chennai home at the age of . References Other websites births deaths Indian movie actors
Tinley Park is a village located in Cook County, Illinois, United States, with a small portion in Will County. The population was , at the census. It is one of the fastest growing suburbs southwest of Chicago. In , Tinley Park was selected by BusinessWeek as the best place to raise a family in America. In , Tinley Park was listed as one of the safest cities in America. References Villages in Illinois Settlements in Cook County, Illinois Suburbs of Chicago, Illinois
Tale of Catfish and Toad () is a Vietnamese animated film which was based on the fairy tale, directed by Ngô Mạnh Lân. Plot Catfish steals the tadpoles of Toad. Toad appeal to the official Tiger who orders the Catfish imprisoned. However Catfish's wife bribes the mandarin's assistant to have the case re examined. After inspection of the pond the mandarin's inspectors declare that the tadpoles are the true offspring of Catfish. Production Style . Cutout animation Artist . Nguyễn Bích, Hữu Đức, Bùi Nga Animator . Phan Trung, Bùi Nga Decorating . Đăng Giáp, Vinh Hoa, Mỹ Lưu, Bích Hạnh, Phạm Thị Hiền Sound . Kim Thục, Minh Tâm Montage . Kim Oanh Voice . Ngọc Phú, Duy Thân, Đoàn Thanh Bình, Mạnh Hùng, Thu Hằng, Chí Hạnh Color printing by National Studio for Documentary and Scientific Films References Vietnamese animated movies s animated movies
Château Thébaud is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire Atlantique department in western France. Communes in Loire Atlantique
Popejoy is a city in Iowa in the United States. Cities in Iowa
Margaret Munnerlyn Mitchell (November , – August , ) was an American novelist. She is best known for writing Gone with the Wind. She was born in Atlanta, Georgia. Her mother's family was Irish Roman Catholic. In Atlanta on August , Mitchell was hit by a car driven by a drunk driver. Five days later, she died of her injuries. The driver was convicted of involuntary manslaughter. References births deaths American manslaughter victims American novelists Road accident deaths in the United States Writers from Atlanta, Georgia
Ventimiglia (. ) is a city in northern Italy. Ventimiglia is in the Liguria Region and has about , inhabitants. It is on the Italian Riviera and borders France. Cities in Liguria
is a prefecture in the Kansai region of Japan on the island of Honshu. The capital is the city of Kyoto. History In the Meiji period, Kyoto Prefecture was made from the area of the former Yamashiro Province. From the th century through the late th century, the city of Kyoto was the Imperial capital of Japan. Geography Kyoto Prefecture is almost in the center of Honshū and of Japan. To the north, it faces the Sea of Japan and Fukui Prefecture. To the south, it faces Osaka and Nara Prefectures. To the east, it faces Mie and Shiga Prefectures. To the west, it faces Hyōgo Prefecture. Cities There are fifteen cities in Kyoto Prefecture. Towns and villages These are the towns and villages in each district. Education Universities Kyoto University Kyoto University of Education Kyoto Institute of Technology Kyoto University of Foreign Studies Doshisha University Ritsumeikan University Kyoto Sangyo University (Kyoto Industrial University) Ryukoku University Bukkyo University Otani University Kyoto Gakuen University Hanazono University National Parks National Parks are established in about % of the total land area of the prefecture. Shrines and Temples The Kamo Shrines (Kamigamo jinja and Shimogamo jinja) are the chief Shinto shrines (ichinomiya) in the prefecture. Related pages Provinces of Japan Prefectures of Japan List of regions of Japan List of islands of Japan Kyoto Sanga F.C. References Other websites Official Kyoto Prefecture website (in English) Kyoto Prefectural International Center Kyoto Prefecture Daily Living Guide Kyoto Tourism Federation Kyoto Visitors Guide
Roopkund (also known as "Mystery Lake" and "Skeletons Lake") is a remote lake in the Indian Himalayas. It is located away from Karnaprayag, Uttarakhand, India. References Lakes of India Uttarakhand
Wheatley is a town in the US state of Arkansas. Towns in Arkansas
Lethal Injection is the fourth studio album by rapper Ice Cube, released on December , . Similar to his earlier albums, Lethal Injection was a chart success. It debuted at # on the Billboard , but was criticized for what some saw as toning down of political content. Several singles, including "You Know How We Do It", became popular. Hip hop albums albums
Jean Claude André Adolphe Hamel ( July – June ) was a French businessman. He was the President of AJ Auxerre from to . In , he was made Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur. Hamel was born in Auxerre, France. Hamel died on June in Appoigny, France, aged . References births deaths French businesspeople
Big Brother UK was the th series of Big Brother, a television programme. New rules were put in place since the last series and this one was called "Zero Tolerance" (meaning that no bad behaviour was accepted). Sixteen housemates entered the house on the first day, and five more housemates entered the house as the days went by. After ninety three days inside the Big Brother House, Rachel Rice was voted the winner of the show, and took home £,. Housemates Alexandra was an accountant from London. She entered the house on Day . In the house, viewers complained that she was mean to the other housemates. Because of this, she was removed from the house on Day . She and Dennis were not allowed to attend the final night of the show. Belinda was a theatre director from Devon. She entered the house on Day with Sara. She was evicted on Day , after only two weeks inside the house. Dale was a student from Liverpool studying to be a physical education teacher. He entered the house on Day , and was evicted on Day . He was the second Head of House, meaning that for one week he was safe from being evicted, and was in charge of the groceries. Darnell was a rapper. He was born in the United Kingdom, but lived in the United States. He was deported from the US because he was caught selling drugs. He entered the house on Day . He was the first Head of House. He finished in fifth place, and left the house on Day . Dennis was a dance teacher from Edinburgh. He entered the house on Day . However, Dennis spat in Mohammed's face after an argument between the two of them. Because of this, Dennis was removed from the house on Day . He and Alexandra were not allowed to attend the final night of the show. Jennifer was a model from County Durham. She had a three year old daughter named Maddy. She entered the house on Day , and was evicted on Day . Kathreya was a Thai massage therapist from London. She was originally from Bangkok, Thailand. She was known for her love of cookies. She left the house on Day , in a surprise double eviction, along with Mohamed. Lisa was a sales representative from Cheshire. She has a nineteen year old daughter. Her boyfriend was Mario. However, when she entered on Day , Big Brother told her, Luke, Mario, and Stephanie that they had to hide the fact that Mario and Lisa were dating to avoid being nominated for eviction. They failed this task. Mario later asked her to marry him while she was in the house, and she said yes. Lisa was evicted on Day . Luke was a student and wrestling manager from Manchester. He entered the house on Day . Luke was nominated for eviction in week because Lisa, Mario, Stephanie, and he failed to hide the fact that Mario and Lisa were dating. He survived the eviction, though. He started a relationship with Rebecca in the house, and they are still together. Luke was evicted on Day . Mario was a civil servant from Cheshire. His real name is Shaun, but he changed it to Mario because he thought that name would work well with his look. He entered on Day . He was nominated for eviction the first week because he failed to hide his relationship with Lisa by pretending to be dating Stephanie. He survived the eviction, though. Mario was evicted on Day . Maysoon WALKED DAY Michael SECOND PLACE Mohamed EVICTED DAY Nicole EVICTED DAY Rachel WINNER Rebecca EVICTED DAY Rex EVICTED DAY Sara THIRD PLACE Stephanie EVICTED DAY Stuart EVICTED DAY Sylvia EVICTED DAY television seasons s British television series Big Brother seasons
Joel Vincent Anthony (born August , ) is a Canadian professional basketball player. He is a former center of the Detroit Pistons and Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He also plays for the Canadian national basketball team. College Anthony attended Pensacola State College in Pensacola, Florida and transferred to the University of Nevada, Las Vegas after two years. He played college basketball with the Runnin' Rebels from until . NBA career He went undrafted. He signed a one year contract with the Miami Heat on July , . Anthony re signed with the Heat on July , . On July , , Anthony signed a five year, $ million contract to stay with Miami. Anthony made his first Finals appearance in where the Heat lost to the Dallas Mavericks games to . The following season, Anthony won his first NBA championship with the Heat after the defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder games to in the NBA Finals. He won his second championship with the Heat the next when they defeated the San Antonio Spurs games to in the NBA Finals. On January , , a three team trade happened involving the Heat, Boston Celtics, and Golden State Warriors. The Heat traded Anthony and a future draft pick, and a second round draft pick to the Celtics. The Heat received Toney Douglas from the Warriors and the Warriors received Jordan Crawford and MarShon Brooks from the Celtics. Anthony played a total of regular season games with the Celtics. On October , , the Celtics traded Anthony to the Detroit Pistons in exchange for Will Bynum. References Other websites births Boston Celtics players Canadian basketball players Detroit Pistons players Living people Miami Heat players Sportspeople from Montreal People from Westmount, Quebec
Jacques Taminiaux ( May – May ) was a Belgian philosopher. Life Taminiaux was born in Seneffe. He studied law and philosophy at the Katholieke Universiteit, Leuven. He became a professor at Boston College in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, United States in . His research interests were on phenomenology, aesthetics, political philosophy and contemporary continental philosophy. In , he was awarded the Francqui Prize for his work on the history of philosophy. Taminiaux died on May , at the age of . References births deaths th century Belgian philosophers st century Belgian philosophers Belgian academics People from Hainaut (province)
Tenrikyo is a religion that believes in one God. It was founded in Japan in the th century by Miki Nakayama, a Japanese woman who heard instructions from God. Believers of Tenrikyo call her "Oyasama", which means the "Great Parent", because she acts as a parent to all people. In Tenrikyo, God is called "Oyagami", which means "God the Parent". The goal of Tenrikyo is for all people to live a joyous life. Oyasama stated that the way to save yourself is by saving others. In other words, to be truly happy you must make other people happy. Today, Tenrikyo is centered in Tenri City in central Japan. There is a general hospital, a college, three schools, and a central temple there. Once a month, there is a big ritual in this central city and many people come from all over the country to pray. There are two million believers of Tenrikyo in Japan and around the world. East Asian religions Organisations based in Japan
The Bactria–Margiana Archaeological Complex (or BMAC, also known as the Oxus civilization) is the modern archaeological name for a Bronze Age culture of Central Asia, dated to ca. – BCE. It was in present day Turkmenistan, northern Afghanistan and northeastern Iran, southern Uzbekistan and western Tajikistan. Its sites were discovered and named by the Soviet archaeologist Viktor Sarianidi (). Bactria was the Greek name for the area of Bactra (modern Balkh), in what is now northern Afghanistan. Margiana was the Greek name for the Persian satrapy of Margu, in today's Turkmenistan. Sarianidi's excavations from the late s onward many buildings in many sites. Reports on the BMAC were mostly in Soviet journals, until the last years of the Soviet Union. The findings were unknown to the West until Sarianidi's work was translated in the s. References Archaeological sites in Asia
Humières is a commune. It is found in the region Nord Pas de Calais in the Pas de Calais department in the north of France. Communes in Pas de Calais
Carlisle Sessions Floyd (June , September , ) was an American opera composer. Many of his songs were based on his life living in the American South. His best known opera, Susannah (), is based on a story from the Biblical Apocrypha. He was born in Latta, South Carolina. Floyd died in Tallahassee, Florida on September , , at the age of . References births deaths American composers Writers from South Carolina
The Galician Wikipedia (. also called Galipedia) is the Galician language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started in March . As of October , it is the th largest edition of Wikipedia by number of articles. As of July , it has over , articles. References Other websites Galician Wikipedia main page Wikipedias Websites established in 
The Hebrew term Chumash (also Ḥumash, ) is a term for Torah in printed form, unlike the Torah scroll. The word comes from the Hebrew word for five, (). A more formal term is Ḥamishah Ḥumshei Torah, meaning "five fifths of Torah". It is a Hebrew name for the Five Books of Moses, also known by the Latinised Greek term Pentateuch in common printed editions. The five books are. Beraishis (Genesis), Shemot (Exodus), Vayikra (Leviticus), Bamidbar (Numbers), and Devarim (Deuteronomy). Other websites Chumash on Judaism Chumash ( Books Of Moses) on Judaism.com Torah Summary & Analysis Judaism Bible
Farmington is a town in and the county seat of Franklin County, Maine, United States. As of the census, the town population was ,. References County seats in Maine Towns in Maine
A Firebreak is a way to fight fires. In a firebreak, there is no vegetation, or other material that can burn. This makes it hard for a fire to jump across the break. Therefore, the spread of a possible fire is delayed. Firefighting
The state of Israel has borders with four countries. Lebanon in the north, Egypt (and Gaza) in the southwest, Jordan (and the West Bank) in the east, and Syria in the northeast. Israel also has "sea borders" in the Red Sea, the Dead Sea and the Mediterranean Sea. The current borders Israel are the result of war, diplomatic agreements between Israel and its neighbors, and colonial powers from before its creation. Some borders are internationally recognized while others are not accepted by all countries. The borders with Lebanon, Syria and Jordan are based on those drawn by the United Kingdom and France in . The border with Egypt is the international border determined in between United Kingdom and the Ottoman Empire. Israel's borders with Egypt and Jordan have been formally recognized as part official peace treaties between the countries. On the other hand, the borders with Syria and Palestinian National Authority are still in dispute between the sides involved. The Golan Heights area is at the heart of the dispute between Israel and Syria on their common border. There is agreement between Israel and Lebanon on their border, with the exception of a small area of known as the "Shebaa Farms" which Israel took over during a war. Since the s, Israel and the Palestinian Authority have been negotiating a border between them as well. References Other websites Israel Maps Geography of Israel
The Comunità montana Grand Paradis ("Grand Paradis mountain community", in French Communauté de montagne Grand Paradis) is an association of comuni in the Italian region of Valle d'Aosta. The Comunità is named after the Gran Paradiso mountain, a mountain in the Graian Alps between the Valle d'Aosta and Piedmont regions of north west Italy. The Gran Paradiso mountain can be seen from the comuni of the Comunità. Purpose Its main purpose is to promote the development of the valleys in the preservation of their cultural and environmental heritage. The Comunità also helps with technical assistance to all the comuni of the region. The main activities have been. protection of alpine pastures (or Alpine tundra) development of tourism Geography This Comunità is in the central part of Valle d'Aosta, to the west and south of Aosta, the capital city of the region. The comuni are in the central valley of the region and in other small lateral valleys. Val di Cogne, Valsavarenche, Val di Rhêmes and Valgrisenche. The main river in the Comunità is the Dora Baltea that flows through the Comunità from east to west. The Comunità montana Grand Paradis has a total area of about and a population of ,. its population density is of inhabitants/km. The headquarters of the mountain community are in Villeneuve. The Comunità includes the following comuni. References Related pages Valle d'Aosta Other websites The National Union of Mountain Towns and Communities UNCEM Comuniverso. le Comunità montane Guida Rurale della Valle d'Aosta. Comunità Montana Comunità montana Grand Combin Italian mountain communities
San Martín is a region in northern Peru. Most of the region is in the upper part of the Peruvian Amazon rainforest. Its capital is Moyobamba and the largest city in the region is Tarapoto. Other websites Regions of Peru
Cephalocarida is a class inside the subphylum Crustacea that has only twelve shrimp like benthic species. They were discovered in , and are commonly referred to as horseshoe shrimps. All cephalocaridans are in just one family. Hutchinsoniellidae. Even though there is no fossil record of cephalocaridans, most specialists believe them to be basal (primitive) among crustaceans. Description and anatomy These crustaceans are from in length, with a long body. They have no eyes, and live in a muddy natural habitat. The structural and functional similarity between the maxillae and the legs may be a sign of primitive organization. the maxillae are not specialized, as they are in other crustaceans. The thorax consists of segments, and the abdomen bears a telson but no other appendages. Ecology Cephalocaridans are found from the intertidal zone down to a depth of metres, in all kinds of sediments. They feed on marine detritus. To bring in food particles, they make water currents with the thoracic appendages like the branchiopods and the malacostracans. Food particles are passed forward along a ventral groove, leading to the mouthparts. References Crustaceans
Grand Vizier, Sadr ı Azam (Sadrazam) or Serdar ı Ekrem (in Ottoman Turkish "صدر اعظم" or "وزیر اعظم"), was the greatest minister of the Sultan. The Grand Vizier had absolute power of attorney and could only be removed by the Sultan. He held the imperial seal and he could gather all other viziers to attend meetings regarding state affairs. The title is derived originally from the Persian word "Vizier" (وزير). Related pages List of Ottoman Grand Viziers History of Turkey Politics of Turkey
Mussaurus (meaning "mouse lizard") was an early, plant eating prosauropod dinosaur from the Upper Triassic, about million years ago. It was found in southern Argentina. It gets its name from the small size of the skeletons first discovered. They were large eyed hatchlings (babies), only inches long ( cm). these are the smallest dinosaur skeletons yet found. However, Mussaurus is now known from adult specimens. the name is something of a misnomer. adults possibly reached  m ( ft) in length, and weighed . Mussaurus possesses anatomical features suggesting a close, possibly transitional evolutionary relationship with true sauropods. References Prosauropods
Surpierre is a municipality of the district Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On January Praratoud became a part of Surpierre and on January Villeneuve became a part of Surpierre. References Other websites Official website Municipalities of Fribourg
Estrées is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France. Communes in Nord
Ryszard Kotys ( March – January ) was a Polish actor. He appeared in more than movies and television shows during his career. His career lasted from until his death. Kotys was born in Mniów, Poland. He was best known for his roles in Operacja Himmler, Shivers and Świat według Kiepskich. Kotys died on January of a long illness in Poznań, Poland at the age of . References Other websites births deaths Polish movie actors Polish stage actors Polish television actors
William Henry Keeler (March , – March , ) was an American cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Baltimore, Maryland, from to and was elevated to the cardinalate in . He was born in San Antonio, Texas. Keeler died on March , in Catonsville, Maryland from a long illness, aged . References Other websites Archdiocese of Baltimore Basilica of the National Shrine of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary Cathedral of Mary Our Queen The Coat of Arms of Cardinal William H. Keeler births deaths American Roman Catholics Cardinals of the Roman Catholic Church Disease related deaths in Maryland People from Baltimore People from San Antonio, Texas Roman Catholic archbishops
Arrowhead Stadium is a football stadium in Kansas City, Missouri. It is home to the NFL's Kansas City Chiefs. It is the largest sports facility by capacity in the state of Missouri. A $ million renovation was completed in . National Football League venues Sports in Kansas City, Missouri Kansas City Chiefs
Club Deportivo Universidad Católica is a football club in Santiago de Chile now playing in the Primera División. It is one of the most successful and popular football clubs in Chile as one of the three "big teams". The most traditional rival is the Universidad de Chile, frequently called the Clásico Universitario. Cups Other websites Official site CDUCatolica.com Los Cruzados Ceatolei establishments Universidad Catolica Santiago de Chile s establishments in Chile
Pulchérie Edith Gbalet is an Ivoirian scholar and activist. She led the "Orange Vests" movement against the government of Ivory Coast. She has been involved in union organizing as well. During the protests against Alassane Ouattara, she was sent to jail for her activism. She is still a political prisoner today. References Ivorian people Political prisoners
Chivalry is a word from Old French in medieval times when it meant the use of a horse, thus cavalry and knighthood. Later, it meant the qualities of honour and love. Today, the terms chivalry and chivalrous are used to describe courteous behavior, especially that of men towards women. Related pages Chivalric romance Cross cultural comparison Samurai Bushido Knights
Sir Jeffrey Philip Tate CBE ( April – June ) was an English conductor. Tate was born in Salisbury, Wiltshire. He suffered from spina bifida since birth. He was raised in Farnham, Surrey. He studied at Cambridge University and at Christ's College, Cambridge. Tate's international conducting début was with the Metropolitan Opera in New York City in . In , he was appointed the first principal conductor of the English Chamber Orchestra. He was named to the position of principal conductor of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden effective in September , the first person in the House's history to have that title. He was principal conductor of the Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra from to . In , he was appointed music director of the San Carlo Theatre of Naples, and served in the post through . Tate was openly gay. He was partners with German doctor Klaus Kuhlemann until his death in . Tate was created a Knight Bachelor in the New Year Honours for services to British music overseas. Tate died of a heart attack while performing at a concert in Bergamo, Lombardy, Italy on June at the age of . References Other websites Biography from Hamburg Symphony (State. ) [ Biography from allmusic] Theatre San Carlo Pieces, (article in Christ's College newsletter) "Jeffrey Tate. 'You can't terrify people any more. you have to do it with love'". The Guardian podcast with Christopher Cook, October births deaths Deaths from myocardial infarction Cardiovascular disease deaths in Italy Conductors English LGBT people Gay men People from Salisbury People from Surrey People from Cambridge
Transbrasil Flight was a flight from Congonhas São Paulo Airport in São Paulo, Brazil, to Hercílio Luz International Airport in Florianópolis, Brazil, on April , . It crashed on approach to Hercílio Luz International Airport. Only three of the people on board survived. Aircraft The aircraft involved was a Boeing C, registration PT TYS. It had first flown on August , . It was delivered to Braniff Airways, which leased it to Transbrasil in , and sold it to Transbrasil in . Crash The aircraft was on a night instrument approach to Hercílio Luz International Airport in a severe thunderstorm when it went off course, struck the hill Morro da Virgínia, and exploded. Probable causes were misjudgment of speed and distance, inadequate flight supervision, failure to initiate a go around, and improper operation of the engines. References Aviation disasters in the s th century in Brazil s in South America Santa Catarina São Paulo
The Fujita scale is a scale used for rating tornado strength, based on the damage tornadoes cause on human built buildings and vegetation. The official Fujita scale category is determined by meteorologists (and engineers) after a ground and/or aerial damage inspection. also including analysis of available sources such as eyewitness accounts and damage images and/or videos. It was replaced with the Enhanced Fujita scale in the United States in February . Other F Rated Tornadoes. Waterspout Notes References Tornadoes
Joshua Ilan Gad (born February , ) is an American actor, comedian, and singer. He is known for voicing Olaf in the Frozen franchise. References births Living people American movie actors American television actors American stage actors American voice actors Actors from Florida Comedians from Florida Singers from Florida
Hıdırlık Tower is a landmark tower of tawny stone in Antalya, Turkey, where Kaleiçi meets Karaalioglu Park. The tower is at the south side of the place, where the land walls of the city join the sea walls. The m high tower consists a circular tower rising on a quadratic pedestal. The tower's gate at the eastern side goes to a small room, from where a narrow staircase goes up. There was some restoration work on the upper part done in the Seljuk and Ottoman eras. Around the Hıdırlık Tower is many cafés and restaurants also a view of the Gulf of Antalya. Fortification Towers in Asia Buildings and structures in Turkey
Brigitta Szép is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the World Aquatics Championships and European Water polo Championships. References Hungarian water polo players Living people Year of birth missing (living people)
is a former Japanese football player. Club statistics Ventforet Kofu J. League } References births Living people Footballers from Osaka Prefecture
Breakfast cereal is a breakfast food made from cereal grains.It is a common breakfast meal. This is made of grain, and usually eaten with milk in the United States. It is often sweetened with sugar, syrup, or fruit. There are many kinds of cereals. Some names of breakfast cereal include Cheerios, Kellogg's, Cocoa Puffs and various other brands. Most breakfast cereals are made for children, but there are many for adults as well. Some adult cereals are made for diets or other health benefits. History In the th century, Americans ate meat a lot for breakfast and usually did not eat grains and fiber. But after that, people who were interested in eating more healthy foods began a push for healthy breakfasts. This brought up the creation of Granula. The name Granula comes from granulates, formed of grain. In this became the first breakfast cereal and included heavy nuggets made from bran, the outer husk of a grain that is taken out when making flour. The cereal had to be soaked overnight before being eaten. Simply pouring milk over it was not enough to make it eatable. The cereals eaten today grew out of a health campaign that began in the s. Thin baked dough served to patients in hospitals inspired two men, C.W. Post and W. K. Kellogg. These two men started their own companies, named them after themselves. Related pages Corn Wheat Grain References Other websites Cereal site All About Cereal Cereals by the Vegetarian Society Nutrition Facts on hundreds of cereals Breakfast foods Grains
The Victoria Cross (VC) is the highest military medal given for bravery "in the face of the enemy" to members of the defence forces of Commonwealth countries, and former British Empire territories. It is the most important medal, more important than all other orders, decorations and medals. It may be given to a person of any rank in any service (army, navy or air force) or anyone working for the military. It is usually presented to the person, or a family member if they were killed, by the British monarch during a ceremony at Buckingham Palace. It can be presented by the Governor General for awards made by other Commonwealth countries. It is the joint highest medal for bravery in the United Kingdom with the George Cross, which is for bravery not in the face of the enemy. However, the VC is higher in the order of importance and would be worn first by a person who had been given both medals (which has not happened). The VC was begun on January by Queen Victoria for acts of bravery during the Crimean War. Since then, the medal has been given , times to , people. Only medals, nine to members of the British Army, and four to the Australian Army have been presented since the Second World War. Since , Australia, New Zealand and Canada, have started their own versions of the VC. Living holders of the Victoria Cross The list of living holders of the Victoria Cross is small. This list is not finished. you can help Wikipedia by adding to it. Bill Apiata, VC Johnson Beharry, VC John Cruickshank, VC Mark Donaldson, VC Rambahadur Limbu, VC, MVO Keith Payne, VC, OAM, DSC (US) Ben Roberts Smith, VC MG William Speakman Pitts, VC Daniel Kieghran Related pages Victoria Cross for Australia George Cross George Medal Elizabeth Cross References Military honors
An assisted living residence is a popular housing alternative for people with disabilities or for adults who cannot live independently. These homes give help or supervision with daily living activities. They also allow services by outside health care providers. They check residents and resident activities to make sure health, safety and well being are maintained. Assistance may include the giving or supervision of medicine or personal care services. "The philosophy of assisted living is to treat all residents with dignity. to give privacy and to encourage independence." The gradual shift to assisted living began between and in the United States. References Other websites Assisted Living Directory Assisted Living Online Finder Care Accommodations
Super Mario Bros.. The Lost Levels is a Mario video game made by Nintendo. It was released as Super Mario Bros. in Japan in for the Famicom Disk System. Nintendo of America took another game, called Doki Doki Panic, and released that instead under the Super Mario Bros. name. The Lost Levels was not released in the United States since Nintendo of America felt that Americans would not be happy with the game because they felt it was too hard and it was too similar to Super Mario Bros. Changes The Lost Levels feature updated graphics from the original, new items, and new functions. One item is the Poison Mushroom. Normally a mushroom will make Mario bigger (Super Mushroom) or give him an extra life (up Mushroom), but this one will make Mario smaller or kill him. They are easily distinguishable by their skull cap designs and "angry" eyes. They are also purple in the All Stars release. Red piranha plants. The original green ones will not come up if Mario is near them or over them. The red ones will come up even if Mario is on top of them. Mario and Luigi now act differently. Luigi has a higher jump and skids more when coming to a stop. Release The game was first released around the world in in Super Mario All Stars for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game console. That game had the other three Super Mario Bros. games with better graphics and a save function. Since then, it has been re released three more times. In , it was packaged in Super Mario Bros. Deluxe for the Game Boy Color. After the player earned , points, it was unlocked and subtitled For Super Players. This version uses the original Super Mario Bros. graphics, does not have wind, and does not have the differences between Mario and Luigi. In , it was released in Japan as Volume in the Famicom Mini series for the Game Boy Advance. It was not released anywhere else. In , it was released on the Wii's Virtual Console service. video games Famicom Disk System games Mario platform games Virtual Console games
Fort Scott is a city in and the county seat of Bourbon County, Kansas, United States. It is south of Kansas City, on the Marmaton River. As of the census, the city population was ,. It is the home of the Fort Scott National Historic Site and the Fort Scott National Cemetery. Fort Scott is named for Gen. Winfield Scott. References County seats in Kansas Cities in Bourbon County, Kansas
An autoclave is a device that uses pressure to heat aqueous solutions above their boiling point. It is done to kill microbiological organisms, called sterilization. The autoclave was invented by Charles Chamberland in . Laboratory equipment
Giulio Romano (c. – November , ) was an Italian painter and architect. He was a pupil of Raphael. His differences from high Renaissance classicism help define the th century style known as Mannerism. Related pages List of Italian painters births deaths th century Italian painters Italian architects
The Dipsacales are an order of flowering plants, included within the asterid group of dicotyledons. Under the APG II definition some well known members of Dipsacales are honeysuckle, elder, viburnum, and valerian. Dipsacales
Dapinglin is a metro station on the Songshan Xindian Line and Circular Line in New Taipei, Taiwan. The Songshan Xindian line station code is G and the Circular line station code is Y. Station layout information Songshan Xindian line The platforms are located underground. Platform is for Songshan and Platform is for Xindian. Circular line This is currently the only underground station on the Circular line. Both Platforms and are for New Taipei Industrial Park. Around the station Jing Mei White Terror Memorial Park Railway stations in Taipei
Fairlawn is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States, and a suburb of Akron. The population was , at the census. References Cities in Ohio
Bromeswell is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In , there were people living in Bromeswell. It has a church called St Edmund. References Suffolk Coastal Civil parishes in Suffolk Villages in Suffolk
Ram Boolchand Jethmalani ( September – September ) was an Indian lawyer and politician. He was born in Shikarpur, Bombay Presidency . Jethmalani was a member of the Rashtriya Janata Dal. Until , he was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Jethmalani MP from through and again from until his death. He was Minister of Law and Justice in and again from through and Urban Development from through . Jethmalani died on September in New Delhi at the age of . References Other websites Bio profile of Jethmalani as Lok Sabha Member Rajya Sabha Member births deaths Indian lawyers Indian politicians
Victor William Venasky (born March , in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player. After playing college hockey at the University of Denver, Venasky went on to play games in the National Hockey League with the Los Angeles Kings. He now coaches youth hockey in Southern California. Awards and honours References Other websites births American Hockey League players Canadian ice hockey centres Ice hockey people from Ontario Living people Los Angeles Kings players People from Thunder Bay Central Professional Hockey League players
Normand “Norm” LaPointe (born August , ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. Playing career As a youth he played in the Quebec International Pee Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from Saint Vincent de Paul, Quebec, and the tournament with a team from Pointe Claire. He was selected by the Vancouver Canucks in the rd round (th overall) of the NHL Amateur Draft, and was also drafted by the Cincinnati Stingers in the th round (th overall) of the WHA Amateur Draft. LaPointe played three seasons in the World Hockey Association with the Cincinnati Stingers. In January , the Fort Wayne Komets traded LaPointe to the Toledo Goaldiggers in exchange for defenceman Peter Brown. Awards and honours References Other websites births American Hockey League players Canadian ice hockey goaltenders Ice hockey people from Quebec Laval National players Living people Trois Rivières Draveurs players Trois Rivières Ducs players
Fabricio Coloccini (born January ) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Newcastle United and Argentina national team. Club career statistics / Boca Juniors Primera División / Milan Serie A / San Lorenzo Almagro Primera División / Deportivo Alavés La Liga / Atlético Madrid La Liga / Villarreal La Liga / Milan Serie A / rowspan="" Deportivo La Coruña rowspan="" La Liga / / / / rowspan="" Newcastle United Premier League / League Championship } International career statistics .Total } References births Living people Argentine footballers Córdoba, Argentina
John Thomas Dooling (February , November , ) was the assistant district attorney for New York City and an adviser to Tammany Hall for years. Biography Dooling was born on February , in Brooklyn, New York City. He died on November , in White Plains, New York. References births deaths Lawyers from New York City People from Brooklyn
A flame retardant is a chemical substance that makes things harder to burn. Some flame retardants are minerals or inorganic compounds like antimony trioxide or asbestos. Other flame retardants are special types of plastics and polymers. There are several ways flame retardants work. Some absorb heat when they are heated, stopping the thing from igniting. Others stop the heat from the fire from going into the thing. Flame retardants are used in textiles and bedding to prevent them from burning easily. Firefighting
Super Mario is a British American Japanese Hong Kong D animated television series created by Shigeru Miyamoto, that premiered on CBeebies in the United Kingdom on December , . Later, it premiered on Cartoon Network in the United States on June , . Based on Nintendo, it became a TV variety programme consisting of sketches, pantomimes, choreographic visuals, and music videoes. Cast Simon Greenall as the Narrator, Coach Serpentine, the Quiet Blue Toad, the Green Toad at School, Mr. Writing (Seasons ), the Bandaged Blue Toad, the Up and Down Toads, the Pinball Toad, and the Workout Toad Rob Rackstraw as Mario, Luigi, the Strange Alien, Mr. Writing (Season ), and the Strange Toad Shelley Longworth as Princess Peach, Toadette (Season ), Wendy, and Toad's mom (Season ) Rupert Degas as Yoshi, Toad (Season ), Bowser Jr., Iggy (Season ), Ludwig (Season ), Larry (Season ), Lemmy (Season ), Koopatroopa (Season ), Paratroopa (Season ), Paragoomba (Season ), Broggy (Series), the Strange Alien Kids (Season ), and Gloomtail (Season ) (Credited as "Cornbit Yachter") Teresa Gallagher as Toadette (Season ), Toad's mom (Season ), Toad's grandma (Season ), Goth Toad (Seasons ), and Galacta (Season ) Jo Wyatt as Toadette (Season ), Toad's mom (Shorts), Goth Toad (Seasons ), Galacta (Seasons and ), Rosalina (Seasons ), and Hooktail Tim Whitnall as Broggy (Shorts), Toad (Season ), Iggy (Seasons ), Ludwig (Seasons ), Larry (Seasons ), Koopatroopa (Seasons ), Paratroopa (Seasons ), Paragoomba (Seasons ), and Gloomtail (Seasons ) Lewis MacLeod as Toad's dad, Goomba, Morton, Bowser, Wario, Waluigi, and Fabulous Hexagon Fergus Craig as Bowser Ben Bocquelet as Bowser Mic Graves as Wario, Waluigi, Toad, and Bowser Jr. Togo Igawa as Wario, Waluigi, Toadsworth, and Chinese Vampire Keith Wickham as Otterson Knopf, the Gold Goomba Monks, Iggy (Season ), Ludwig (Season ), Larry (Season ), Lemmy (Seasons ), Koopatroopa (Season ), Paratroopa (Season ), the Strange Alien Kids (Seasons ), the Green Toads from the Future (Seasons and ), the Red Toads from the Past (Season ), the Orange Toads from the Past (Season ), the Yellow Toads from the Past (Season ), Luma, and Professor Elvin Gadd Lorraine Pilkington as Jump Rope Kids, Basketball Kid , Basketball Kid , Monkey Bar Kid , Monkey Bar Kid , and Toad (Season ) Paterson Joseph as the Gold Koopa Monks Kaz Silver as the Scorpion Kids, Octopus Kid , Octopus Kid , Inkling Kid , Inkling Kid , and Toad (Season ) Laurence Bouvard as Toad's grandma (Seasons ), Toad (Season ), Galacta (Seasons and ), the Green Toads from the Future (Seasons ), the Red Toads from the Past (Seasons ), the Orange Toads from the Past (Seasons ), the Yellow Toads from the Past (Seasons ), the Blue Toads from the Future, the Purple Toads from the Future, P.U. P.U., Toadette (Seasons and ), Toad's mom (Seasons ), Rosalina (Season ), Agent Shaloshnikov, Luma's mother, Mario's P.E. Teacher, KELVIN, Toad's Kindergarten Teacher, and Mrs. Ingletoad References s animated television series
The Steubenville High School rape happened in Steubenville, Ohio, United States, on the night of August , . A year old girl was raped at a party by two year old high school footballer players, Trent Mays and Ma'lik Richmond. The girl did not remember because she was very drunk at the time. On August , Mays was sentenced to at least two years in prison for juvenile criminals. Richmond was sentenced to at least a year there. He was released in January . The case got attention all over the United States after it was written about by the New York Times. References crimes in the United States s in Ohio August events Rape Trials in the United States Violence in the United States
 (MCCCIV) was . Events July – Fall of Stirling Castle. Edward I of England takes the last rebel stronghold in the Wars of Scottish Independence. James II of Aragon reconquers Villena, Spain. Holland and Zeeland are occupied by duke John II of Brabant and Guy of Dampierre. Count John II recovers the counties.
Javier Maximiliano Alfredo Hipólito Valle Riestra González Olaechea, (born January , ) is a Peruvian lawyer, jurist and politician. He was born in Lima. He is a known member of the Peruvian Aprista Party. He held several public offices, among them the most controversial being President of the Council of Ministers in the government of Alberto Fujimori (). From to , Valle Riestra was a member of the Congress representing Lima. Other websites Official Site births Living people Prime Ministers of Peru Peruvian lawyers
Robert Jones "Rob" Portman (born December , ) is an American lawyer and the junior United States Senator from Ohio. He served as the th United States Trade Representative and th Director of the Office of Management and Budget. Portman was born on December , in Cincinnati, Ohio. He is of Scottish, Northern Irish, English, and German ancestry. Portman studied at Dartmouth College and at the University of Michigan. He is married to Jane Dudley. They have three children. On January , , he announced that he would not be running for reelection to a third term in . References Other websites Senator Rob Portman official U.S. Senate website births Living people United States Trade Representatives Directors of the Office of Management and Budget United States senators from Ohio United States representatives from Ohio Lawyers from Cincinnati, Ohio Politicians from Cincinnati, Ohio US Republican Party politicians
The basal ganglia (or basal nuclei) are three areas under the cerebral cortex. They are part of the cerebrum (forebrain), and connected to the midbrain and the thalamus. They are vital to movement, and damage here results in damaged ability to move. The three areas are. striatum caudate nucleus putamen pallidum (or globus pallidus) substantia nigra nucleus accubens subthalamic nucleus The range of behaviours controlled by the nuclei is wide. They control eye movements. They do voluntary motor control, learning procedures for routine behaviors or "habits", and cognitive emotional functions. The basal ganglia also control motivation. They select actions, that is, the choice of what to do at a given time. Experimental studies show that the basal ganglia inhibit (suppress) a number of motor systems. A release of this inhibition lets a motor system act. This "behaviour switching" is influenced by signals from many parts of the brain, including the prefrontal cortex, which plays a key role in doing things. Evolution The basal ganglia form one of the basic components of the forebrain, and can be recognized in all species of vertebrates. Even in the lamprey (one of the most primitive vertebrates) striatal, pallidal, and nigral elements can be identified by their anatomy and histochemistry. Related pages Alexander Cools References Anatomy of the brain
Beneath a Steel Sky is a British point and click adventure computer game made by Revolution Software and published by Virgin Interactive for DOS, the Amiga, and the Amiga CD. The first version became freeware in . An updated version was released for iOS in . video games Point and click adventure games Amiga games
Hardoi is a city in Hardoi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is the administrative headquarters of Hardoi district. Cities and towns in Uttar Pradesh
Lawrence Gonzi (born July ) is a Maltese politician. He served for twenty five years in Maltese politics. Gonzi was Prime Minister of Malta from to , and leader of the Nationalist Party. He also served as speaker of the House from to , and Minister of Social Policy from to , as well as Deputy Prime Minister from to . References births Living people Lawyers Prime Ministers of Malta Commonwealth Chairpersons in Office
Qazi Hussain Ahmad was an Islamic scholar, democracy activist, and former leader of a Jamaat e Islami, an Islamist political party in Pakistan. Early life Qazi was born in in Nowshera District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Qazi Hussain Ahmad went to Islamia College, Peshawar and got his Master of Science (MSc) degree in Geography from Peshawar University. He was a lecturer at Jehanzeb College Swat for three years. Politics Qazi Hussain Ahmad was first elected as a senator for six years in and in . He resigned in to protest corrupt political system. He was elected into the National Assembly in general election from his native town, Nowshera. Long march Qazi Hussain resigned from the senate on September and started a long march against the Benazir government. On November , Benazir Bhutto's government was dismissed by President Farooq Leghari primarily because of corruption. Death Qazi Hussain Ahmad died on January due to heart attack. References Pakistani people Pakistani politicians
Brasso is a city in Trinidad and Tobago. It is in the Couva–Tabaquite–Talparo region. Cities in the Caribbean Settlements in Trinidad and Tobago
Score or scorer may refer to. Test score, the result of an exam or test Business Score Digital, now part of Bauer Radio Score Entertainment, a former American trading card design and manufacturing company Score Media, a former Canadian media company Mathematics Score (statistics), a quantity in statistics Score, the number twenty (). see also vigesimal Raw score, an original datum that has not been transformed Score test, a statistical test Scorer's function, solutions to differential equations Standard score, a quantity derived from the raw score Science and technology Single colour reflectometry, an optical technique for monitoring biomolecular interactions Arts, entertainment, and media Event score, written or printed instructions for a visual art performance Musical score Movies Score ( movie), an American adult movie Score ( movie), a documentary movie Score. A Hockey Musical, a Canadian musical movie Music Movie score, original music written specifically to accompany a movie. Albums Score (Randy Brecker album), Score (Paul Haslinger album), Score (Carol Lloyd album), Score (Dream Theater album), Score (Cellos album), Periodicals Score, a football comic which became Scorcher in Score, a pornographic magazine by The Score Group Sports and games Score (game), a number of points achieved in a game Score (sport), a number of points achieved in a sporting event Scoring (cricket) Score bug, a graphic displayed on a screen during sports game broadcasts to display the current score and other statistics Herb Score (–), baseball player
Pulaski County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of , , people lived there. The county seat is Winamac. References s establishments in Indiana establishments in the United States Indiana counties
The Seikan Tunnel（Ja.青函トンネル）is a railway tunnel in Japan. It connects Hokkaido to Aomori Prefecture. This tunnel is the second longest transport tunnel in the world. The tunnel is . km (. miles) long. . km (. mile) of the tunnel is underwater. There are two stations in the tunnel. History The means of transportation from Hokkaido to Honshu was the Seikan ship until Seikan tunnel was completed. It took about hours. However, it had some troubles. For example, the sea route was not safe. The Toyamaru accident in had dead and some missing people, caused by Typhoon Number Roke. because of that reason, the plan that constructing Seikan Tunnel from Hokkaido to Honshu was becoming a reality. At first, the east route and west route was considered. In the west route, the deepest depth of water was meters and the nature of the soil was easy to drill rocks, so west route was then chosen. Techniques The tunnel can be entered by the Shinkansen (bullet train). The inner structure of the tunnel was planned to have three bullet train's rails. Because half of this tunnel is under the bottom of the sea, the workers who built this tunnel were worried about seawater. So, they used new construction techniques. For example, laser measurement, m horizontal drilling, pouring water glass and cement into soft bedrock. These techniques were paid attention to by all of the world at that time. There is still much water, so the seawater that is collected is placed in the tunnel and is pumped out of the tunnel. Stations There are two stations in Seikan tunnel. Tappikaitei Station opened in Aza Minmayatatsuhama, Sotogahama machi, Higashitsugaru gun, Aomori on March , . And Yoshiokakaitei Station opened in Tatesaki, Fukushima cho, Matsumae gun, Hokkaido on March , . If passengers have a special ticket, they can get off the train at the stations to look around. These are located in . meters under the seabed and there are steps of stairs to the surface. Also, these stations have shelters for train fires and blackouts. Tappikaitei Station and Yoshiokakaitei Station became the service stop each on November , and August , . However, these stations were closed on March , , because the number of passengers who used these stations, was not a lot. References Other websites Tunnel Website Tunnels Buildings and structures in Japan Hokkaido Prefecture Aomori Prefecture Transport in Japan
Nimr Baqr al Nimr (‎. – January ), better known as Sheikh Nimr, was a Saudi Shia Sheikh and human rights activist. He was a Sheikh from around until his death. He was one of the best known Shia clerics in Saudi Arabia. In July , he was arrested by Saudi police and shot in the leg. He was put on trial for terrorism charges and sentenced to death in October . Early life and education Al Nimr was born in Al Awamiyah, Qatif. He studied for about ten years in Tehran, Iran and also studied in Syria. Death Al Nimr was among the prisoners killed by beheading in a mass execution on January . He was . References Other websites births deaths Executed people Human rights activists Muslims People executed by decapitation Religious leaders
North Vacherie is a census designated place (CDP) in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States. Census designated places in Louisiana
Hull City's – season is their first season back in the Premier League after finishing second in the Npower Championship last season and gaining automatic promotion. Results References in association football in England in association football in England Football seasons Kingston upon Hull
The Castle of Bredevoort was a castle in the city of Bredevoort, Guelders in the Netherlands. History The name of the castle was for the first time written in the year as "castrum Breidervort". In lightning hit the gunpowder tower of the castle, causing an explosion that destroyed the castle and the town, killing Lord Haersolte of Bredevoort and his family, as well as others. Only one son, Anthonie, who was not home that day, survived. In April big walls were discovered underground in the heart of the town. On the square they found remain of the gate building which was a part of the ring wall surrounding the castle. That foundation is visible on the square today. Castles Buildings and structures in the Netherlands Aalten
Carey Estes Kefauver (July , – August , ) was an American politician from Tennessee. He was the Vice Presidential running mate in the election. Early life Kefauver was born in Madisonville, Tennessee, to Robert Cooke Kefauver and Phredonia Bradford (née Estes). Robert Kefauver was a hardware manager. Estes attended the University of Tennessee from to , receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree and being initiated into the Kappa Sigma Fraternity. After a year of teaching mathematics and coaching football at a Hot Springs, Arkansas, high school, he attended Yale Law School, where he received a LL.B. cum laude in . The next twelve years Kefauver practiced law in Chattanooga, first with the firm of Cooke, Swaney & Cooke, as a partner in Sizer, Chambliss & Kefauver, and later in the firm of Duggan, McDonald, & Kefauver. In he married Nancy Pigott, who is from Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom, whom he had met during her visit to relatives in Chattanooga, Tennessee. They had four children, one of them was adopted. Mrs. Kefauver died in . He was aroused by his role as attorney for the Chattanooga News, Kefauver became interested in local politics and sought election to the Tennessee Senate in . He lost but in spent two months as Finance and Taxation Commissioner under the newly elected governor Prentice Cooper. When Congressman Sam D. McReynolds of Tennessee's rd district, which included Chattanooga, died in , Kefauver was elected to succeed him in the House. References births deaths Politicians from Tennessee
Norman Graham Hill ( February – November ) was a British racing driver and two time Formula One World Champion. He was born in Hampstead, London and died in a plane crash in Arkley, London. His son Damon Hill and Damon's son Josh Hill are racing drivers. Accidental deaths in the United Kingdom Aviation deaths English racecar drivers Formula One drivers Sportspeople from London births deaths
Lyric could mean. Lyric poetry is a form of poetry that expresses a subjective, personal point of view Lyric, from the Greek language, a song sung with a lyre Lyrics, the composition in verse which is sung to a melody to constitute a song Lyric is a classification of the human voice in European classical music. The adjective describes a specific vocal weight and a range at the upper end of the given voice part, e.g. lyric soprano. see voice type Lyric Opera House in Baltimore, Maryland, locally referred to as just "the Lyric" Lyric FM, a Radio Telefís Éireann radio station Lyric (R&B), an R&B girl group briefly signed to J Records from –. known for the song, "Young and Sexy". Lyric, a single released in June by the "indie supergroup" Zwan. Lyrics, an ESRB content rating advisor Lyric, a video vixen
The Portuguese Empire (Portuguese. Império Português) was the first global empire in history. It spread from South America to Africa, India and South East Asia. It began with the Portuguese exploration of the world during the th century and it lasted longer than all the other modern European empires. It lasted almost five centuries. This is longer than the Spanish, British, and French Empires. The Portuguese Empire had trade with the following areas. Goa, Malacca and Southeast Asia China and Japan Spice Islands (Moluccas) and the Treaty of Zaragoza South Asia, Persian Gulf and Red Sea Sub Saharan Africa The British Ultimatum was an ultimatum by the British government, delivered on January to Portugal. The ultimatum forced the retreat of Portuguese military forces from areas in Africa which had been claimed by Portugal, but which the United Kingdom occupied. Fall The Portuguese Empire, like the British, French and German empires, was fatally damaged by the two world wars fought in the th century. These European powers were pressured by the Soviet Union and the United States and by independence movements inside the colonial territories. By the end of the th century these colonial empires were history. The rise of Soviet influence in the working class, and the cost of the Portuguese Colonial War (–), led to the collapse of the Portuguese Second Republic (Estado Novo) in . The National Salvation Junta (Junta de Salvação Nacional) was to end the wars and take Portugal out of its African colonies. These events made thousands of Portuguese refugees from Portugal's African territories. Civil wars soon broke out elsewhere. After years of fighting, Portgual gave Macau to China in . Legacy The seven former colonies of Portugal have Portuguese as their official language. They are members of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries with Portugal. Today Portuguese is one of the world's major languages. It is the language of Brazil, which is the largest country in South America. References Colonialism Overseas empires
Australoid race was a word for the aboriginal people of Australia, Melanesia, and parts of Southeast Asia. In former times, many people divided human beings into four races. These races were called Australoid, Mongoloid, Caucasoid, and Negroid. Today, scientists agree that there is only one human race. Modern genetic research has shown that the idea of four races was wrong. References Anthropology Race
Lily Serna (born July ) is an Australian mathematician and television presenter. She is best known for co presenting the SBS game show Letters and Numbers from until and the cooking show Destination Flavour since later . Serna was born in Jerusalem. She moved to Sydney with her family when she was eight years old. References Other websites births Living people Australian television presenters Mathematicians People from Jerusalem People from Sydney
Alberto Goldman (. October – September ) was a Brazilian engineer and politician. He was elected Vice Governor of São Paulo in with Governor José Serra. Goldman became governor of São Paulo on April . He resigned on January . He was National President of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party from November through December . Goldman was born in São Paulo. He died on September at a São Paulo hospital from problems caused by cancer related surgery, aged . References births deaths Cancer deaths in Brazil Deaths from surgical complications Brazilian politicians Brazilian scientists Brazilian journalists People from São Paulo
Avolar was a Mexican low cost airline. Its headquarters and largest hub were in Tijuana. It started on September , with one Boeing airplane. It was one of the first low cost airlines in Mexico. By , the airline had Boeing airplanes. It flew to cities throughout Mexico. Avolar suspended flights for days in August and for day in October . This was due to large debts. Avolar asked to fly to the United States on October , . Avolar finally stopped flying on that same day October , . The airline has never flown again since then. Gallery References establishments in North America disestablishments Defunct companies of North America Transport in Mexico s establishments in Mexico
Sickle cell anaemia is a genetic disease. It affects red blood cells. It changes the cells from flexible disks into rigid crescents. When many red cells take this shape veins get blocked. This can cause damage to many organs. The organ damage increases with time and leads to an early death. The disease This is a lifelong disease which starts in childhood. The red blood cells take up an abnormal, rigid, sickle shape. The cells also become sticky. This causes difficult blood flow when cells flow through long narrow capillaries. Low oxygen increases the problem. As they pass through low oxygen areas most cells take up this shape. The cells then stick to the inner wall of blood vessels, especially the branching point of veins. This leads to a blockade of blood flow in many organs. Severe complications may result. The classic example of a sickle cell crisis is "acute chest syndrome"(ACS). This is unique to sicklers, and can cause death in a day or two unless treated. Historically, acute chest syndrome was considered different from infection (pneumonia). But in treatment there is not much point making that distinction. ACS is a clinical diagnosis helped by at least one chest X ray. In all other organs low oxygen causes widening of blood vessels. But the lung is a unique organ where blood vessels become narrower when oxygen is low. This unique problem makes the lung a major target of the disease. Fever is the most common symptom of ACS in children because infection is more common. In the adults circulating clots and broken pieces of bone marrow can also add to the blockage of vessels in the lung and lead to ACS. ACS can be partially treated by blood transfusion to dilute the sickled cells with some normal red blood cells. An even better treatment is a procedure called red blood cell exchange. Automated apheresis machines can do RBC exchange. A milder and more frequent problem is 'painful crisis'. Painful crisis involves flank, back and thigh pains that can be relieved by treatment. A painful crisis may evolve into worse problems such as acute chest and other organ failures e.g. strokes, heart attacks. Both strokes and heart attacks are general problems which may happen in older people. But in sickle patients these can happen even in the young. The spleen is involved differently in different ethnic groups with this disease. Spleen is the organ which filters old RBCs and destroys them. Old RBCs are stiff and cannot pass through some very narrow slits in the spleen. But in sickle patients all cells very quickly become stiff and thus keep clogging up the spleen. Starting from a very young age segments of the spleen die because of this problem. In the pure form of this disease the whole spleen is dead and shrunken before the patient become adult. Normal spleen keeps a large store of B cells which make antibodies and protect us from bacteria. Loss of a working spleen leads to loss of protection from such bacteria. In many Asian populations beta thalassaemia occurs together with sickle cell disease. Thalassemia itself is another form of anaemia. But the nature of the two disease are opposite. Thalassemia increases red cell flexibility. However, thalassemia itself can be a serious disease. Population genetics The sickling occurs because of a single point mutation in the gene for the beta chain of haemoglobin. Sickle cell disease occurs more commonly in people (or their descendants) from parts of tropical and sub tropical regions where malaria is or was common. One quarter of all people of Sub Saharan African origin carry the gene. We all inherit two copies (alleles) of the hemoglobin beta gene. One comes each parent. Some people are heterozygous. they have the sickle mutation in one copy and the other copy is normal. Such people are called sickle trait or a carrier. People with sickle trait are more resistant to malaria than normal people. When both alleles of a gene are similar (homozygous) a person has copies mutated or both normal. If both alleles have the mutation, it causes the full disease. In malaria prone areas, normal people die frequently of malaria often before they had children. Those with both copies with sickle mutation die of sickle disease before they can reproduce. But the heterozygotes have a better survival (and have more children) than both homozygous groups. Thus, the inheritance of the disease is an example of 'heterozygous advantage'. In the full (homozygous) disease life expectancy is shortened, in fact it is near fatal in pre modern societies. Sir Cyril Clarke said (referring to East Africa in the s) "Almost all the children (with sickle cell disease) will die in infancy".p. Studies in the modern U.S.A. report an average life expectancy of years for males and years for females. References Diseases Genetic disorders Blood
Elisabeth Cornelia "Els" Vader (married Scharn) ( September – February ) was a Dutch track and field sprinter. She competed at the , and Summer Olympics in the m, m and × m relay (in only), but failed to reach the finals in any event. Vader died from thyroid cancer on February , aged . References births deaths Deaths from thyroid cancer Dutch Olympians People from Vlissingen Sportspeople from Zeeland Sprinters
Vantage Point is a mystery thriller movie from Columbia Pictures, written by Barry Levy and directed by Pete Travis. It stars Dennis Quaid, Matthew Fox, Forest Whitaker with Sigourney Weaver, Édgar Ramírez and William Hurt. It was released on February , . Plot United States President Henry Ashton (William Hurt) is participating in an anti terrorism summit in Salamanca. Over a twenty three minute period, an assassination attempt on the President unfolds. The movie loops through this period over and over, each time from the perspective of a different participant, adding a new piece to the larger puzzle with each loop. Cast Dennis Quaid as Thomas Barnes Matthew Fox as Kent Taylor Forest Whitaker as Howard Lewis Bruce McGill as Phil McCullough Edgar Ramirez as Javier Said Taghmaoui as Suarez Ayelet Zurer as Veronica Zoe Saldana as Angie Jones Sigourney Weaver as Rex Brooks William Hurt as President Ashton James LeGros as Ted Heinkin Eduardo Noriega as Enrique Richard T. Jones as Holden Holt McCallanyas Ron Matthews Leonardo Nam as Kevin Cross Dolores Heredia as Marie References Other websites Vantage Point at The Numbers Mosaic at SonyPictures.com Official world wide release dates with links to different national sites. Vantage Point Full Production Notes movies American movies Multilingual movies
John Constable (East Bergholt, Suffolk June – London, March ) was an English painter and artist. His family had plenty of money because his father owned a business running corn mills. Constable's father wanted his son to take over the business after him, but Constable started painting at an early age, and convinced his father to let him follow art as a career. He married Maria Bicknell in , and they had seven children. She died in of tuberculosis. His paintings are treasures of British art, but in his lifetime his work was appreciated more in France. Constable's most famous painting, The Hay Wain (now in the National Gallery in London), was first shown at the Paris Salon in . He had to wait until he was years old before the Royal Academy voted that he should be a member. Constable was influenced by the French painter Claude Lorrain. His most famous paintings are landscapes showing the countryside around Dedham and Flatford, where his father's mills were. His art Constable's idea was to use nature itself, rather than imagination. He told Leslie, "When I sit down to make a sketch from nature, the first thing I try to do is to forget that I have ever seen a picture".p Although Constable produced paintings throughout his life for the market of patrons and R.A. exhibitions, on the spot studies were essential. He never just followed a formula. "The world is wide", he wrote, "no two days are alike, nor even two hours. neither were there ever two leaves of a tree alike since the creation of all the world. and the genuine productions of art, like those of nature, are all distinct from each other".p Constable painted many full scale preliminary sketches of his landscapes in order to test the composition in advance of finished pictures. These large sketches, with their free and vigorous brushwork, were revolutionary at the time. The sketches for The Leaping Horse and The Hay Wain study convey a vigour missing from his finished oil paintings of the same subjects. Compare the composition of this preliminary study with the finished painting. The Hay Wain final. Possibly more than any other aspect of Constable's work, the oil sketches reveal him to be an avant garde painter, one who showed that landscape painting could be taken in a totally new direction. Constable's watercolours were also remarkably free for their time. The almost mystical Stonehenge, , with its double rainbow, is often considered to be one of the greatest watercolours ever painted. When he exhibited it in , Constable appended a text to the title. "The mysterious monument of Stonehenge, standing remote on a bare and boundless heath, as much unconnected with the events of past ages as it is with the uses of the present, carries you back beyond all historical records into the obscurity of a totally unknown period".p In addition to the full scale oil sketches, Constable completed numerous studies of landscapes and clouds, to become more scientific in his recording of atmospheric conditions. The Chain Pier, , for example, prompted a critic to write. "the atmosphere possesses a characteristic humidity about it, that almost imparts the wish for an umbrella".p The sketches were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air. To convey the effects of light and movement, Constable used broken brushstrokes, often in small touches, which he worked over lighter passages. This gave an impression of sparkling light over the landscape. One of the most expressionistic and powerful of all his studies is Seascape Study with Rain Cloud, painted in around at Brighton, which captures with slashing dark brushstrokes an exploding shower at sea.p Constable also became interested in painting rainbow effects, for example in Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows, , and in Cottage at East Bergholt, . To the sky studies he added notes, often on the back of the sketches, of the prevailing weather conditions, direction of light, and time of day, believing that the sky was "the key note, the standard of scale, and the chief organ of sentiment" in a landscape painting.p In this habit he is known to have been influenced by the pioneering work of the meteorologist Luke Howard on the classification of clouds.p "I have done a good deal of skying", Constable wrote to Fisher on October .p Constable once wrote in a letter to Leslie, "My limited and abstracted art is to be found under every hedge, and in every lane, and therefore nobody thinks it worth picking up".p He could never have imagined how influential his honest techniques would turn out to be. Constable's art inspired not only contemporaries like Géricault and Delacroix, but the Barbizon School, and the French impressionists of the late nineteenth century. References births deaths English painters People from Suffolk Royal Academicians
The Moomins () are the main characters in a series of books and a comic strip by Swedish speaking Finnish illustrator and writer Tove Jansson, originally published in Swedish by Schildts in Finland. They are a family of white, roundish fairy tale characters with large snouts that make them look like hippopotamuses. The carefree and adventurous family live in their house in Moominvalley, though in the past, their part time residences have included a lighthouse and a theatre. They have had many adventures along with their various friends. In all, nine books were released in the series, together with five picture books and a comic strip being released between and . The Moomins have since been the subject for many television series, movies and even a theme park called Moomin World in Naantali, Finland. References Finnish culture Fictional characters
Brest is a town in France. It is in the Finistère department and the Brittany region. Its population in was around ,. Even if it is by far the largest town in Finistère it is not the prefecture (Quimper is). Twin towns Brest is twinned with. Cádiz, Spain () Constanţa, Romania () Denver, Colorado, United States () Dún Laoghaire, Ireland () Kiel, Germany () Plymouth, United Kingdom () Saponé, Burkina Faso () Taranto, Italy () Yokosuka, Japan () Mayors . Georges Lombard. . Eugène Berest. . Francis Le Blé. . Pierre Maille. . Jacques Berthelot. . Georges Kerbrat. . Pierre Maille again. . François Cuillandre. Education École nationale supérieure de techniques avancées Bretagne Other websites City of Brest Subprefectures in France
Rolf Brem ( February – April ) was a Swiss graphic artist. He was best known as a draftsman, sculptor and illustrator. Many of his sculptures are on display all over Switzerland in public and art galleries. He was born in Lucerne. Brem died on April in Meggen, Canton of Lucerne, aged . References Other websites births deaths Disease related deaths in Switzerland Illustrators Swiss sculptors People from Lucerne
Arts et Métiers ParisTech (ENSAM or École nationale supérieure d'arts et métiers) is a graduate engineering school in France. It awards the following French & European degrees. Ingénieur ENSAM (ENSAM Graduate engineer Masters level program) Masters Recherche & Doctorat (PhD doctorate studies ) Mastères Spécialisés (MS) Massive Online Open Course Classes are mainly in French and English. The school has students from a lot of countries. Most of the students live in dedicated housing buildings nearby. Research labs Research activities at Arts et Métiers ParisTech relate to the following topics. Fluid dynamics Mechanical engineering Electrical engineering and electronics Materials and methods Biomechanics and microstructures Information science References More reading Official website Technical colleges and universities in Paris establishments th century establishments in France s establishments in Europe
Cézy is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France. References INSEE Communes in Yonne
Trinity is a main character of The Matrix franchise. She is portrayed by Carrie Anne Moss. Biography Trinity of the Resistance wanted to find Neo by phone calls. She guided him toward Morpheus who knows exactly what the Matrix is. Fictional characters introduced in Matrix characters
Perry County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the census, the population was ,. The county seat is Marion. The county was founded on December , and is named in honor of Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry of Rhode Island and the United States Navy. References establishments in Alabama Alabama counties
How Green Was My Valley is a American drama movie directed by John Ford and based on the novel of the same name by Richard Llewellyn. It stars Walter Pidgeon, Maureen O'Hara, Anna Lee, Donald Crisp, Roddy McDowall and was distributed by th Century Fox. It was nominated for Oscars and won Oscars at the Academy Awards in . Other websites movies s family movies s drama movies American drama movies Best Picture Oscar Movies based on books Movies directed by John Ford th Century Fox movies
The Spira Culture Center () is a culture center in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It was opened on November . References Other websites Spira establishments in Sweden Buildings and structures in Sweden Buildings and structures in Jönköping
Joan Margarit i Consarnau (. May – February ) was a Spanish poet, architect and retired professor. Most of his work is written in the Catalan language. He won the Miguel de Cervantes Prize. In October , Magrit received the Premio Nacional de Poesía for Casa de Misericordia. He was also Professor of Structural Calculations at Barcelona's Technical School of Architecture in the Polytechnic University of Catalonia. Margarit died of cancer in Sant Just Desvern, Spain on February , aged . References births deaths Spanish educators Spanish architects Spanish poets Cancer deaths in Spain
Qilla Saifullah, Killa Saifullah or Saifullah Qilla (fort of Saifullah Khan) is a district in the northwest of Balochistan province of Pakistan. Tehsils Killa Saifullah Tehsil Muslim Bagh Tehsil Districts of Balochistan (Pakistan)
Komla Afeke Dumor ( October – January ) was a Ghanaian journalist. He was born in Accra, Ghana. His grandfather was Philip Gbeho, composer of the Ghanaian national anthem. As of June , Dumor was the main presenter of the BBC World News programme Focus on Africa. Dumor died suddenly on January , in London after suffering cardiac arrest. References Other websites About Us, BBC World Service Focus and Network presenters, BBC World Service. "Ghana. Komla Dumor Anchors BBC Africa Business Report",by Cephas, August , allAfrica. births deaths Deaths from cardiac arrest Journalists BBC television presenters People from Accra
Alerheim is a municipality in the district of Donau Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is Christoph Achmid. References Donau Ries
Alexander's Ragtime Band is a American musical movie directed by Henry King and was based on the song of the same name by Irving Berlin. It stars Tyrone Power, Alice Faye, Don Ameche, Ethel Merman, Jack Haley, Helen Westley, John Carradine, Wally Vernon, Ruth Terry, Stanley Andrews and was distributed by th Century Fox. It was nominated for Oscars and won an Academy Award in . Other websites movies s musical movies American musical movies th Century Fox movies Movies directed by Henry King Movies set in San Francisco
Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo is a crossover sports and party game made for the Nintendo Switch. Releasing on November , , this is the sixth game in the Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Games series, a series that is a crossover between Mario from Nintendo and Sonic The Hedgehog from Sega. Alongside the Nintendo Switch, the game released in Arcade cabinets in . The game was revealed in a Nintendo Direct in September , . Nintendo Switch games video games
Ås (from Old Norse áss 'ridge') is a locality in Krokom Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In , , people lived there. References Settlements in Jamtland County
Drake Jared Bell (born June , ) is an American actor, singer, director and guitarist. Life Bell was born in Santa Ana, California in . In December , he was badly hurt in a car accident in Los Angeles. He was in the car with a friend. A truck went through a red light and hit Bell's car, a Ford Mustang. The steering wheel of Bell's car was made of wood and metal. Because the seatbelts of the car were only around the waist and there were no airbags, he hit his face against the steering wheel. This caused a broken neck, six dislodged teeth, a broken jaw and a deep cut across his chin. Bell had plastic surgery to fix his face. In , he married Janet Von Schmeling. They have one child. Career Acting Bell started to act when he was years old. At the age of , he wrote his first song. When he was , he played "Jesse Ramo" in the movie Jerry Maguire. In , he started to act in The Amanda Show with Amanda Bynes. He played Drake Parker on the television series Drake & Josh. In , Bell played in the movies Superhero Movie and Merry Christmas, Drake & Josh. Music Bell learned to play guitar when he was . In September , he started to sell his first album, Telegraph. In December , he started to sell his second album, Its Only Time. His third album was released in . Some songs of his new album appeared, including "Saturday Night", "All alone at the Disco", "Sea Song", "C.C.Rider", "To Hip gotta go", "Little Miss Prissy" and "Jingle Bells". Controversies Bell has made comments that have upset a lot of people. He made a negative comment when Caitlyn Jenner appeared on the cover of Vanity Fair. He deleted the comment soon after he posted it but it was still seen by many readers. In an interview with Buzzfeed he made comments against stars such as Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande. He got into still another controversy with a Justin Bieber fan wishing him death. On June , , Bell was arrested in Cleveland, Ohio, on charges relating to "attempted endangering [of] children and disseminating matter harmful to juveniles." Bell had sent a minor "inappropriate social media messages" for "months. On June , Bell plead guilty to both charges. On July , , Bell's victim made a public appearance and statement accusing him of sexually assaulting her while she was underage. Bell was sentenced to two years of probation and hours of community service. References Actors from Santa Ana, California American child actors American guitarists American movie actors American television actors Movie directors from California Musicians from California Singers from California births Living people
Roggenstede is a village of Dornum township, in Aurich, Ostfriesland, Lower Saxony, Germany. The place is bounded by the Dornumersieler Tief (in the North/Northeast), the Schleitief (in the Southeast), the Otjetief (in the South), the Alte Tief (in the West) and covers an area of about , square kilometers. The distance to the North Sea is about , km air line distance. Neighbouring places are Fulkum, Utarp and Westerbur. Other websites http.//www.kirchenkreis harlingerland.de/kg/roggenstede/roggenstede.html Villages in Lower Saxony Towns and villages in East Frisia
Transperth is the brand of the public transport system in Perth, Western Australia. Transperth was launched in . It supplies public bus, train and ferry services. Train services run on five lines that spread over the Perth metropolitan area. The lines are named Joondalup, Midland, Fremantle, Armadale, and Mandurah. The Mandurah was opened late in . All trains are operated using electricity. A new line to the Perth Airport via the Bayswater railway station is being constructed which is expected to be completed in mid . Bus services run throughout the metropolitan area. A circular bus route is the CircleRoute which links major shopping centres, universities and railway stations. Ferry services operate across the Swan River between the Perth CBD and South Perth. The ferry is popular for people to go to the zoo located in South Perth. Passengers can take rides by buying cash tickets or using the ticket system known as SmartRider. Australian railways
Moirangthem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India. References Meitei surnames
Installation means to put a program on a computer so that the computer can run it. Most programs are stored in special ways to make them smaller, or to gather all the different pieces of a program up into one big piece. Before it can be used, though, the program needs to have these changes undone. Some programs also need to know extra information about the computer it is going to run on, so while it is installing, it will figure out what it needs to know and write it down for later. Software Computers
Danny Lennon (born April ) is a former footballer from Northern Ireland. He is currently the manager of Scottish Premier League side St Mirren. References births Living people Irish footballers
Jorge Alberto Lepra Loiodice ( September – January ) was a Uruguayan diplomat and politician. He was Ministry of Industry, Energy and Mining from to . He was also Ambassador to France from to . He was born in Montevideo. Lepra died from heart failure on January in Montevideo. He was . References births deaths Ambassadors to France Deaths from heart failure Diplomats Independent politicians People from Montevideo Uruguayan politicians
Shigekazu Nakamura (born July ) is a former Japanese football player. References births Living people Footballers from Nagasaki Prefecture
Welfare is an idea from economics and Social Security. The idea is that everyone should have a minimal living standard. People who cannot reach this standard will be supported, usually by the state. Using welfare, everyone has their basic needs covered. This idea is different from the idea of charity. Welfare can take different forms. Certain goods are subsidized by the state. In that way, in many countries the price of goods people need daily, such as bread or rice may be fixed by the state. A voucher is similar to a subsidy, except that it may only be used in a certain way. An example of this might be the cafeteria at the university. certain students get their meals cheaper, because they have a voucher. The cafeteria then exchanges the voucher, and will be paid the difference. It is also possible to pay money directly. people will then get a monthly amount of money. They can spend this money on anything, without restriction. Some countries need to have proof you applied for a job to receive welfare. Welfare money is given by the government, charities, and other groups of people to help homeless, old, illness, poor, and disabled people (people who cannot help themselves), and also helps children (child support). Welfare can also be called the well being of someone or a group of people. their happiness, health, safety, and fortune. In countries like Germany, Japan, United States, Sweden, and France, government welfare also is used to help the needy. Related pages Social worker Right to an adequate standard of living Economic, social and cultural rights Welfare economics Welfare state Human rights Welfare economics
Orange County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of , , people lived there which is an increase of .% from , in . The county seat is Paoli. References s establishments in Indiana establishments in the United States Indiana counties
Haysville is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. It is a suburb of Wichita. In , , people lived there. Haysville is known as the "Peach Capital of Kansas". Geography Haysville is at (., .). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water. People Haysville is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area. census The census says that there were , people, , households, and , families living in Haysville. Government The Haysville government has a mayor and eight council members. The council meets the nd and th Monday of each month at PM. City Hall, W Grand. References Other websites City City of Haysville Haysville Directory of Public Officials Haysville Community Online Schools USD , local school district USD School District Boundary Map, KDOT Events Haysville Fall Festival Maps Haysville City Map, KDOT Cities in Sedgwick County, Kansas
Wake Up and Live is a American musical movie directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Walter Wichell, Alice Faye, Ben Bernie, Patsy Kelly, Ned Sparks, Joan Davis. It was distributed by th Century Fox and was based on the novel of the same name by Dorothea Brande. Other websites movies s musical movies American musical movies Movies based on books Movies directed by Sidney Lanfield
Valderoure is a commune. It is found in the region Provence Alpes Côte d'Azur in the Alpes Maritimes department in the south of France. Communes in Alpes Maritimes
Hogar CREA is a group that helps drug addicts break their habits. It was started in Puerto Rico in by Javier Garcia Rios "CheJuan". It spread to several Latin American countries and to the US in the early 's but is on the decline in the US. "CREA" is based on the idea of who to better treat drug addiction than an addict. Many people believe that it is a money making scam. References Addiction establishments in the United States Organizations based in the United States
"Latch" is a song by English garage house duo Disclosure by English singer Sam Smith. It was released as a digital download on October . It was the lead single from their debut studio album, Settle (). It was on the UK Singles Chart at number and has peaked at number . References songs Sam Smith (singer) songs
A pet is a domesticated animal that lives with people, but is not forced to work and is not eaten, in most instances. In most cases, a pet is kept to entertain people or for companionship. Some pets such as dogs and cats are placed in an animal shelter if there is no one willing to take care of them. If no one adopts it or the pet is too old/sick, the pet may be euthanized. Dogs, cats, fish, rodents, lagomorphs, ferrets, birds, certain reptiles and amphibians, and a wide variety of arthropods such as tarantulas and hermit crabs are the most common pets in North America. Horses, elephants, oxen, and donkeys are usually made to work, so they are not usually called pets. Some dogs also do work for people, and it was once common for some birds (like falcons and carrier pigeons) to work for humans. Rodents are also very popular pets. The most common are guinea pigs, rabbits, hamsters (especially Syrian and dwarf hamsters), mice and rats. Common Pets
The Guilford Native American Association is a Native American community association in Guilford County, North Carolina. It is a North Carolina State recognized American Indian Organization, and is a United Way referral agency. Started in September by local parents as a non profit education advocacy group, the association has grown to include child care, employment, and age based community programs. It is the oldest American Indian urban association in North Carolina and one of the oldest organizations of its kind in the United States. Its stated main goal is to "assist Indian people in achieving social and economic self sufficiency". It serves over , Native Americans in Guilford and the surrounding counties. One of its major events since is an annual pow wow and cultural festival.The association also operates the Guilford Native American Art Gallery in Greensboro, North Carolina. References Other websites GNAA website establishments in the United States Organizations based in the United States th century establishments in North Carolina
Westleton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In there were people living in Westleton. Westleton has a church called St Peter. Westleton is about in the middle of Ipswich and Lowestoft. References GENUKI Villages in Suffolk Civil parishes in Suffolk Suffolk Coastal
VLC media player (also known as VLC or VideoLAN Client) is a free software media player by the VideoLAN project. It is a highly portable multimedia player, encoder, and streamer that supports many kinds of audio and video. VLC can repair and play corrupt files, damaged or unfinished. It is one of the most platform independent players, available for BeOS, BSD, Linux, Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows, Solaris and Windows CE, and has over million downloads for version ... VLC uses a large number of free decoding and encoding libraries. Many of its codecs are provided by the libavcodec codec library from the FFmpeg project, but it uses mainly its own muxer and demuxers. VLC gained honor as the first player to support playback of encrypted DVDs on Linux by using the libdvdcss DVD library. History VLC was initially the client for the VideoLAN project, and it was originally made by students at the École Centrale de Paris, and was released under the GPL license on the February . It now has supporters and contributors worldwide. The icon of VLC is a traffic cones collected by Ecole Centrale's Networking Students' Association. Design principles VLC has a very flexible design, which makes it easier to include modules for new file formats, codecs or streaming methods. There are more than modules in VLC. VLC also supports highly personalizable skins through the skins interface, Winamp and XMMS skins and can play high definition recordings of D VHS tapes duplicated to a computer using CapDVHS.exe Related pages List of media players Comparison of media players List of multimedia (audio/video) codecs References Other websites Official Website Free software
New Boston is a city in Illinois in the United States. Cities in Illinois
In Greek mythology, Ganymede or Ganymedes (, Ganymēdēs) was an extremely handsome youth. Homer said he was the most beautiful of all mortals. He was born a prince of Troy. His parents were King Tros (from whose name "Troy" is derived), and Queen Callirrhoe, daughter of the river god Scamander. When Zeus began lusting for the boy, he went down to Earth in the form of an eagle and took him up to Mount Olympus. There, Ganymede was made immortal. He served as the cup bearer of the gods. To remember this event, Zeus placed Ganymede into the sky as the constellation Aquarius. Ganymede, the largest and most massive of all Jupiter's moons, was named after this mythological figure. References Greek gods and goddesses
Satterthwaite is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In there were people living in Satterthwaite. It has listed buildings. It has a church called All Saints which has stained glass windows. References Villages in Cumbria Civil parishes in Cumbria
High comedy is a form of comedy based on wit, satire or clever dialogue. The phrase was created by George Meredith in his Essay on Comedy in which he says that it is the opposite of low comedy. Comedy Satire
Hardo Aasmäe (February , December , ) was an Estonian geographer, entrepreneur, and politician. He was active in the Estonian People's Front. He was the first post Soviet mayor of Tallinn, from to . Aasmäe died in Tallinn, Estonia, aged . References births deaths Estonian politicians Mayors
Aspremont is the name of two communes in France. Aspremont, Alpes Maritimes, in the Alpes Maritimes department Aspremont, Hautes Alpes, in the Hautes Alpes department Other Apremont Aspromonte, a mountain massif in the province of Reggio Calabria, southern Italy
, also romanized as Kanki, was a after Antei and before Jōei. This period started in March and ended in April . The reigning emperor was . Events of the Kangi era (Kangi , th month). Kujō Yoritsune was married to the daughter of Minamoto no Yoriie. (Kangi , nd month). Yoritsune was raised to the nd rank of the th class in the dōjō kuge. (Kangi , rd month). Yoritsune was made a General of the Left. (Kangi , th month). Yoritsune was raised to the st rank of the th class in the dōjō kuge. November (Kangi , th day of the th month). Former Emperor Tsuchimikado died. Related pages Kamakura period References Other websites National Diet Library, "The Japanese Calendar" historical overview plus illustrative images from library's collection Japanese eras s in Japan s in Japan
Odia (), formerly known as Oriya, is an Indo Aryan language, mainly spoken in the Indian state of Odisha. The language is also an official language of India. There are about million people who speak Odia. Example A recording of India appeared on the screen. This is The first article of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in Odia. ସବୁ ମନୁଷ୍ଯ ଜନ୍ମକାଳରୁ ସ୍ୱାଧୀନ । ସେମାନଙ୍କର ମର୍ଯ୍ୟାଦା ଓ ଅଧିକାର ସମାନ । ସେମାନଙ୍କର ପ୍ରଜ୍ଞା ଓ ବିବେକ ନିହିତ ଅଛି । ସେମାନେ ପରସ୍ପର ପ୍ରତି ଭାତୃଭାବ ପୋଷଣ କରି କାର୍ଯ୍ୟ କରିବା ଦରକାର । All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood. References Indo Aryan languages Languages of India
Gerardus Mercator, also called Gerhard Kremer, and born Gérard de Crémère ( – ), was a Flemish geographer and mathematician from Belgium. He explored Flanders and made globes about the earth and the sky. He became one of the best mapmakers of the th century. The Mercator projection that has his name is a flat map projection of the features of the surface of the earth that can be seen and made only mathematically. It was found to be excellent for navigating on oceans and is still used today. In he began a great atlas that was later finished by his son. His last years he used for studying theology. Mercator was born in Rupelmonde and died in Duisburg. Other websites Turn the pages of the British Library's Mercator Atlas of Europe (c.) Mercator's Atlas births deaths Belgian mathematicians Flemish people European geographers People from East Flanders
Jean Marie Faustin Goedefroid "João" de Havelange (May , – August ) was a Brazilian association football administrator. He was the th President of FIFA (Fédération Internationale de Football Association). He was elected to the position in . He resigned in , after years in charge. He was elected as an honorary president of FIFA in after he left office. He resigned in due to "health and personal reasons". Havelange was a swimmer at the Summer Olympics in Berlin. He was also part of the team that tied for th in water polo at the Summer Olympics in Helsinki. Honors Cavalier of the Légion d'honneur Order of Special Merit in Sports Commander of the Cavaliers of the Order of Infante D. Henrique Cavalier of the Order of Vasa Grand Cross of Elizabeth the Catholic References Other websites births deaths Summer Olympics Summer Olympics Brazilian Olympians Centenarians People from Rio de Janeiro Presidents of FIFA Swimmers Brazilian water polo players
Events Up to – Charlemagne arrives at Rome to examine the alleged crimes of Pope Leo III. Saladin enters Damascus. Spanish Reconquista. Christian troops under Ferdinand III of Castile conquer Seville. First campaign of the Ottoman Empire against the Kingdom of Imereti, present day western Georgia. The Second War of Kappel results in Switzerland's Protestant Alliance dissolving. John Milton publishes Areopagitica, a pamphlet against censorship. The Snares Islands to the south of New Zealand are discovered. Sarah Booth has her first performance at the Royal Opera House. – American Civil War. Union forces led by General Ulysses S. Grant reinforce troops at Chattanooga, Tennessee and counter attack Confederate troops. The first jukebox goes into operation at the Palais Royale Saloon in San Francisco, California. King William III of the Netherlands dies. His death ends the shared monarchy between the Netherlands and Luxembourg. In the Netherlands, his daughter Wilhelmina becomes Queen, with Emma of Waldeck and Pyrmont as regent. In Luxembourg, Grand Duke Adolphe becomes the next monarch. The Olympics in St. Louis officially end. Johan Alfred Ander becomes the last person to be executed in Sweden before the death penalty becomes illegal there. – The US Army retreats from Mexico. Edwin Hubble's discovery of the Andromeda Galaxy is first published in a newspaper. Previously, the Milky Way was thought to be the only galaxy in existence. Life magazine is re published as a photograph magazine and becomes an immediate success. World War II. German battleships Scharnhorst and Gneisenau sink the British aid ship Rawalpindi to the southeast of Iceland, killing people. World War II. Romania officially joins the Axis Powers. World War II. British steamer Tilawa is sunk in the Indian Ocean by Japanese U boat I , killing people. – The Cocos Islands are transferred from the control of the United Kingdom to Australia. – General Charles de Gaulle, President of France, declares in a speech in Strasbourg his vision for a "Europe, from the Atlantic to the Urals." – Sturt's Desert Pea, Swainsona formosa, becomes the floral emblem of South Australia. – The first episode of the long running science fiction television series Doctor Who, "An Unearthly Child", airs on the BBC. – The representatives of the People's Republic of China first attended the United Nations, including the United Nations Security Council, as China's representatives. Sixty Ethiopian politicians, aristocrats, military officers and other persons are executed by the provisional military government. Jacques Mayol is the first man to reach a depth of meters undersea without breathing equipment. A cyclone kills , people in Eastern Sri Lanka. – A series of earthquakes in southern Italy kills approximately , people. – Ronald Reagan signs the top secret National Security Decision Directive (NSDD ), giving the Central Intelligence Agency the authority to recruit and support Contra rebels in Nicaragua. Gunmen hijack EgyptAir Flight while it is travelling from Athens to Cairo. When the plane lands in Malta, it is stormed by Egyptian commandos, though people die in the raid. – The first all woman expedition to the South Pole ( Americans, Japanese and Russians), sets off from Antarctica on the st leg of a day, kilometre ski trek. – The Republic of Angola officially joins the World Trade Organization. – A plane crash in the Indian Ocean near the Comoros kills people. From The Convention on Cybercrime is signed in Budapest. – Eduard Shevardnadze resigns as President of Georgia. Tbilisi's Holy Trinity Cathedral is consecrated. – Ellen Johnson Sirleaf is elected President of Liberia, becoming Africa's first female President. A series of bombings in Sadr City, Iraq, kills at least people. – MS Explorer, a cruise liner carrying people, sinks in the Antarctic Ocean south of Argentina after hitting an iceberg near the South Shetland Islands. – The Maguindanao massacre occurs on the island of Mindanao, Philippines. – North Korea attacks Yeonpyeong Island, prompting a military response from neighbouring South Korea, in one of the fiercest exchanges since the Korean War. People in the autonomous island region of Bougainville start voting on whether they want to be an independent country or whether they want to gain more autonomy as part of Papua New Guinea. Births Up to – Otto I, Duke of the Saxons, King of the Germans and Holy Roman Emperor (d. ) – King Alfonso X of Castile (d. ) Prospero Alpini, Italian botanist and physician (d. ) – John Wallis, English mathematician (d. ) Julien Offray de La Mettrie, French physician and philosopher (d. ) Pierre Charles Le Monnier, French astronomer (d. ) Edward Rutledge, American politician (d. ) Abraham Baldwin, American politician (d. ) Theodor Valentin Volkmar, German politician, st Mayor of Marburg (d. ) Jan Roothaan, Dutch priest (d. ) – Franklin Pierce, th President of the United States (d. ) William Dennison, Jr., th Governor of Ohio (d. ) Isaac Todhunter, English mathematician and author (d. ) – Johannes Diderik van der Waals, Dutch physicist (d. ) Stephanos Skouloudis, th Prime Minister of Greece (d. ) – Jonas Basanavicius, Lithuanian physician, scientist and political activist (d. ) John I. Cox, rd Governor of Tennessee (d. ) – Billy the Kid, American outlaw (d. ) – Hjalmar Branting, Prime Minister of Sweden (d. ) Konstantin Korovin, Russian painter (d. ) George P. McClellan, Jr., Mayor of New York City (d. ) Valdemar Poulsen, Danish engineer (d. ) William Watt, th Premier of Australia (d. ) Anatoly Lunacharsky, Russian politician (d. ) – Manuel de Falla, Spanish composer (d. ) John Rabe, German businessman and humanitarian (d. ) José Clemente Orozco, Mexican painter (d. ) Eduards Smilgis, Latvian actor and theatre director (d. ) Lloyd C. Stark, Governor of Missouri (d. ) Hobart Henley, American actor and director (d. ) – Boris Karloff, British actor (d. ) Henry Moseley, British physicist (d. ) – Harpo Marx, American actor, comedian and mime (d. ) George F. Shafer, Governor of South Dakota (d. ) El Lissitzky, Russian artist and architect (d. ) Erté, French artist (d. ) Sandy Archibald, Scottish footballer (d. ) Tsunenohana Kan'ichi, Japanese sumo wrestler (d. ) Klement Gottwald, Czechoslovakian Communist leader (d. ) Nirad C. Chaudhuri, Indian writer (d. ) Manuel dos Reis Machado, Brazilian martial artist (d. ) Victor Jory, Canadian American actor (d. ) Betti Alver, Estonian poet (d. ) Run Run Shaw, Hong Kong businessman and philanthropist (d. ) Richard Percival Lister, English author, poet and artist (d. ) Emmett Ashford, American baseball umpire (d. ) – Michael Gough, British actor (d. ) P. F. Strawson, British philosopher (d. ) – Fred Buscaglione, Italian singer and actor (d. ) Vo Van Kiet, Vietnamese politician (d. ) Joan Fuster, Spanish writer (d. ) – Manuel Fraga Iribarne, President of Spanish Galicia (d. ) Daniel Brewster, American politician (d. ) Jose Napoleon Duarte, President of El Salvador (d. ) – Sathya Sai Baba, Indian religious and spiritual leader (d. ) Angelo Sodano, Italian cardinal Herberto Hélder, Portuguese poet (d. ) Geeta Dutt, Indian singer (d. ) Tosiwo Nakayama, Micronesian politician, st President of the Federated States of Micronesia (d. ) Renato Martino, Italian cardinal – Krzysztof Penderecki, Polish composer Lew Hoad, Australian tennis player (d. ) Vladislav Volkov, Soviet cosmonaut (d. ) Volodymyr Sabodan, Ukrainian religious leader (d. ) Jeremy Stone, American scientist and arms control activist (d. ) Patrick Kelly, former Roman Catholic Archbishop of Liverpool Betty Everett, American singer and pianist (d. ) Luis Tiant, Cuban baseballer Franco Nero, Italian actor – Andrew Goodman, American civil rights activist (d. ) David Nolan, American activist (d. ) Günther Beckstein, German politician, former Prime Minister of Bavaria Sue Nicholls, English actress Peter Lindbergh, German French photographer and director (d. ) Joe Eszterhas, Hungarian American writer James Toback, American screenwriter and movie director Assi Dayan, Israeli actor, director and screenwriter (d. ) – Jim Doyle, American politician, former Governor of Wisconsin Dennis Nilsen, Scottish serial killer (d. ) Bobby Rush, American politician Jean Pierre Foucault, French television host Reiner Calmund, German football official Sandra Stevens, British singer Chuck Schumer, American lawyer and politician Francis Cabrel, French singer songwriter and guitarist Johan de Meij, Dutch trombonist, conductor and composer Bruce Hornsby, American singer, songwriter and pianist – Ross Brawn, British Formula team principal Ludovico Einaudi, Italian composer and pianist Mary Landrieu, American politician Shane Gould, Australian swimmer William Kaelin Jr., American physician and Nobel laureate Dominique Dunne, American actress (d. ) Nicolas Maduro, President of Venezuela Andreas Schmidt, German actor (d. ) Frank Rutherford, Bahamian triple jumper Sergio Vázquez, Argentine footballer Vincent Cassel, French actor Kevin Gallacher, Scottish footballer Russell Watson, English tenor Robert Denmark, English athlete – Kirsty Young, Scottish television presenter Hamid Hassani, Iranian linguist and lexicographer – Karsten Müller, German chess player and writer Zoë Ball, English television presenter Khalid Al Muwallid, Saudi Arabian footballer Chris Hardwick, American comedian, actor and TV host Sajid Khan, Indian movie actor and director – Alf Inge Haaland, Norwegian footballer Saku Koivu, Finnish ice hockey player From Tommy Marth, American musician (d. ) – Nihat Kahveci, Turkish footballer – Kelly Brook, British actress and model Ivica Kostelic, Croatian skier Paulie Malignaggi, American boxer – Asafa Powell, Jamaican runner Nasser Al Shamrani, Saudi Arabian footballer – Lucas Grabeel, American actor, singer and songwriter Amruta Khanvilkar, Indian actress Victor Ahn, South Korean speed skater Scott Brash, Scottish equestrian show jumper Kasia Struss, Polish model Snooki, Chilean born American reality television personality and author Alena Leonova, Russian figure skater Eddie Kim, South Korean singer songwriter and guitarist – Miley Cyrus, American actress and singer (Hannah Montana) Go Eun bi, South Korean singer (d. ) James Maddison, English footballer Anna Yanovskaya, Russian ice dancer Bradley Steven Perry, American actor Deaths Up to Berthold, Duke of Bavaria (b. ) – Edred, King of England (b. c. ) Louis I, Duke of Orleans (b. ) King Ladislaus Posthumus of Bohemia and Hungary (b. ) Perkin Warbeck, English pretender, executed Margaret of York (b. ) Bronzino, Italian painter and poet (b. ) – Thomas Tallis, English composer (b. ) Richard Hakluyt, English priest and author (b. ) – Elbridge Gerry, Vice President of the United States (b. ) Johann Elert Bode, German astronomer (b. ) Jean Baptiste Jourdan, French general and politician (b. ) – Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve, German born Russian astronomer (b. ) Cave Johnson, American politician (b. ) – King William III of the Netherlands (b. ) – Walter Reed, American bacteriologist (b. ) Hawley Harvey Crippen, American physician and murderer (b. ) Urmuz, Romanian judge and author (b. ) Giovanni Brunero, Italian cyclist (b. ) Jagdish Chandra Bose, Indian physicist (b. ) Horace F. Graham, American politician, Governor of Vermont (b. ) Elisabeth of Bavaria, Queen of Belgium (b. ) – Séan T Ó Ceallaigh, nd President of Ireland (b. ) – Yusof bin Ishak, Singaporean politician (b. ) Marie Wilson, American actress (b. ) Sessue Hayakawa, Japanese actor, director and producer (b. ) Massacre of Sixty in Ethiopia. Abiye Abebe, Ethiopian general and politician (b. ) Aman Andom, President of Ethiopia (b. ) Aklilu Habte Wold, Prime Minister of Ethiopia (b. ) Asrate Medhin Kassa, Ethiopian commander (b. ) Endelkachew Makonnen, Prime Minister of Ethiopia (b. ) André Malraux, French theorist and author (b. ) Merle Oberon, British actress (b. ) – Tom Evans, English guitarist and songwriter (b. ) – Roald Dahl, Welsh writer (b. ) – Klaus Kinski, German actor (b. ) Roy Acuff, American country musician (b. ) Jean François Thiriart, Belgian politician (b. ) Louis Malle, French director (b. ) Junior Walker, American singer and saxophonist (b. ) From Gerhard Stoltenberg, German politician (b. ) – Mary Whitehouse, British campaigner (b. ) – Roberto Matta, Chilean painter (b. ) Constance Cummings, American English actress (b. ) – Alexander Litvinenko, Russian spy (b. ) – Philippe Noiret, French actor (b. ) Anita O'Day, American singer (b. ) Willie Pep, American boxer (b. ) Ingrid Pitt, British actress (b. ) – Montserrat Figueras, Spanish operatic soprano (b. ) Larry Hagman, American actor (b. ) Jay Leggett, American actor, director, producer and screenwriter (b. ) Marion Barry, American politician, Mayor of Washington, DC (b. ) Dorothy Cheney, American tennis player (b. ) Pat Quinn, Canadian ice hockey player (b. ) Yoram Tsafrir, Israeli archaeologist (b. ) Manmeet Bhullar, Canadian politician (b. ) Douglass North, American economist (b. ) Dan Fante, American author and playwright (b. ) Ralph Branca, American baseball player (b. ) Abdul Karim Mousavi Ardebili, Iranian cleric and jurist (b. ) Rita Barbera, Spanish politician, former Mayor of Valencia (b. ) Andrew Sachs, German born English actor (b. ) Stela Popescu, Romanian actress (b. ) Kevin Austin, English Trinidadian footballer (b. ) Betty Bumpers, former First Lady of Arkansas (b. ) Menahem Degani, Israeli basketball player (b. ) Mick McGeough, Canadian ice hockey referee (b. ) Bob McNair, American businessman (b. ) Nicolas Roeg, English film director (b. ) George Ty, Filipino banker (b. ) Gerard Unger, Dutch graphic and type designer (b. ) Asunción Balaguer, Spanish actress (b. ) Francesc Gambús, Spanish politician (b. ) Barbara Hillary, American adventurer (b. ) Catherine Small Long, American politician (b. ) Holidays and observances Bahá'í Faith – Feast of Qawl (Speech) – First day of the th month of the Bahá'í calendar Georgia – St George's Day Japan – Kinro kansha no hi (Labour Thanksgiving Day) Slovenia – Rudolf Maister Day Days of the year
Kane Brett Robinson (born May ), better known by his stage name Kano, is an English rapper, songwriter, and actor. He featured on Craig David's "This is the Girl" (). He has collaborated with artists, including Bashy, Craig David, Crazy Titch, Ghetts, Giggs, Gorillaz, Lethal Bizzle, Nasty Crew, Wiley, Wretch , amongst others. He has also worked with Chase & Status. births English rap musicians English songwriters Black English musicians Grime music artists People from the London Borough of Newham Musicians from London Living people
Gray or grey is the color of black and white mixed together. Gray is the color of an elephant, cement, pencil writing, and rainy clouds. Gray often looks like someone made black lighter, but not so light that it is white. Grey color represents neutrality and balance. In the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, South Africa, India, Ireland, and New Zealand, as well as a few other countries, this word is spelled grey. In the United States, it is spelled gray. The first recorded use of gray as a color name in English was in . Meaning of gray The color gray represents pessimism. its opposite, optimism, is represented by the color rose. It also represents metal. Shades of gray colour comparison chart The chart below shows those shades of gray that are major web colours. Related pages List of colors References Basic English words
Jules Bordet (June , April , ) was a Belgian doctor and microbiologist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his discoveries about immunity. Related pages List of biologists References births deaths Belgian Nobel Prize winners Belgian physicians People from Hainaut (province)
The United States Football League was a football league in the 's. The spring and summer is when the USFL would play football. Entrepreneur Donald Trump owned some parts of the league. John Bassett was the late owner of the Tampa Bay Bandits, of the USFL. Other websites History American football
The Hunsrück is a low mountain range in Rhineland Palatinate, Germany. It is bounded by the river valleys of the Moselle (north), the Nahe (south), and the Rhine (east). The Hunsrück is continued by the Taunus mountains on the eastern side of the Rhine. In the north behind the Moselle it is continued by the Eifel. To the south of the Nahe, there is the Palatinate. Many of the hills are not higher than m. But there are several chains of higher peaks within the Hunsrück, all bearing names on their own. the (Schwarzwälder) Hochwald, the Idarwald, the Soonwald, and the Binger Wald. The highest peak is the Erbeskopf ( m). Towns in the Hunsrück include Simmern, Kirchberg, and Idar Oberstein, Kastellaun, and Morbach. Frankfurt Hahn Airport, a growing low fare carrier and cargo airport is there as well. The climate in the Hunsrück is characterised by rainy weather. Slate is mined in the mountains. The German TV drama trilogy Heimat, directed by Edgar Reitz, examined the th century life of a small fictional village in the Hunsrück. Other websites Photos of HEIMAT und HEIMAT film locations at Hunsrück/Germany Geography of Rhineland Palatinate Mountain ranges of Germany
Municipal elections were held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, on January , . Mayor Tommy Church was elected to his fifth term of office in a row. This election also saw the creation of a new ward, Ward , covering the neighbourhood of East Toronto which had recently joined Toronto. The number of representatives for Ward was also increased to three aldermen, like every other ward. Toronto mayor Church had first been elected mayor in and had been re elected every year since then. He was opposed by several serious opponents, most notably by Controller John O'Neill who was trying to become the first Roman Catholic to be elected mayor of Toronto. Two other important candidates ran, but failed to win much support. They were MP and future mayor Thomas Foster and former controller William Henry Shaw. Results Tommy Church (incumbent) , John O'Neill , William Henry Shaw , Thomas Foster , Board of Control O'Neill's decision to run for mayor opened one vacancy on the Board of Control. It was filled by former Controller R.H. Cameron who had run unsuccessfully for mayor the year previous. Results Charles A. Maguire (incumbent) , R.H. Cameron , Sam McBride (incumbent) , William D. Robbins (incumbent) , Joseph Gibbons , Garnet Archibald , Fred McBrien , City council Ward (Riverdale) Frank Marsden Johnson (incumbent) , Richard Honeyford (incumbent) , W. W. Hiltz (incumbent) , William Feawick , Arthur J. Stubbings , Ward (Cabbagetown and Rosedale) J.R. Beamish (incumbent) , John Winnett , Herbert Henry Ball (incumbent) , Charles A. Risk (incumbent) , Joseph Kent Ward (Central Business District and The Ward) J. George Ramsden (incumbent) , F.W. Johnston (incumbent) , Charles W. Mugridge , William Harper , Ward (Kensington Market and Garment District) Arthur Russell Nesbitt (incumbent) , John Cowan (incumbent) , John C. McMulkin (incumbent) , Harry Winberg , William Brant Ward (Trinity Bellwoods) R.H. Graham (incumbent) , W.R. Plewman (incumbent) , Clifford Blackburn (incumbent) , Angus Beaton , James Phinnemore , James Coughlin , Thomas Ballentyne Ward (Brockton and Parkdale) D.C. MacGregor , George Birdsall (incumbent) , Brook Sykes (incumbent) , James M.H. Ballantyne , Michael Manley , Alex Williamson , Alvin L. Gadsby Richard Holmes Ward (West Toronto Junction) Samuel Ryding (incumbent) , William Maher , Frank Whetter , Alexander Chisholm , Robert Agnew , Ward (East Toronto) William Williamson , William M. Miskelly , Frederick Baker , Walter Brown , John Lennox Alfred Dunnett William Ford Results taken from the January , Toronto Daily Star and might not exactly match final tallies. References Election Coverage. Toronto Star. January , 
Ledinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord Pas de Calais in the Pas de Calais department in the north of France. Communes in Pas de Calais
Plomelin () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France. Communes in Finistère
White Mountain is a city near Nome, Alaska. White Mountain began as an Eskimo fishing camp. The natural resources of the Niukluk and the Fish Rivers supplied water and fish for the people who settled there. The community grew because many miners came during the Klondike Gold Rush. The first building built by non native people was a warehouse built by a miner to store supplies. It then became an orphanage, which became a school in . A Russian Orthodox Church was built about , which is no longer used but still standing. A post office was opened in . Today, White Mountain is most known as the last of three rest stops for teams competing in the Iditarod dog sled race. All racers are required to take an hour stop at White Mountain before leaving for the final leg to the end of the race, miles ( km) away in Nome. Cities in Alaska
Mahsun Kırmızıgül (born Abdullah Bazencir. March , in Bingöl, Turkey) is a Turkish actor, movie director, screenwriter and musician. Early life and career Kırmızıgül was born on March in Bingöl. He studied at primary and secondary schools in Diyarbakır. He started his career as a musician by singing for the weddings. In , he was invited to Istanbul to make an album for Güneş Plak. The artist won acclaim with his movie Beyaz Melek which he wrote, directed and played. Filmography TV series Alem Buysa... () Bu Sevda Bitmez () Hemşerim () Yıkılmadım () Zalım () Aşka Sürgün () Hayat Devam Ediyor ( ) General Director Story Benim İçin Üzülme () General Director Story Babalar ve Evlatlar () Story Cinema Vezir Parmağı () as actor, director, screenwriter. The Miracle () as actor, director, screenwriter. New York'ta Beş Minare () as actor, director, screenwriter. Gecenin Kanatları () as screenwriter. Güneşi Gördüm () as actor, director, screenwriter. Beyaz Melek () as actor, director, screnwriter. Yaşamak Haram Oldu'' () References births Living people Turkish movie actors Turkish singers Turkish screenwriters
John Harbaugh (born // in Toledo, Ohio, USA) is the head coach for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League. Since taking over the position from Brian Billick in , Harbaugh has gotten the Ravens to the playoffs in each season, and is the only NFL head coach to do so. Harbaugh was previously the special teams coordinator and secondary coach of the Philadelphia Eagles for nine seasons. He is part of the famous Harbaugh coaching tree, that includes Father Jack Harbaugh and younger brother Jim Harbaugh. Reputation Harbaugh has been respected as a great coach. As previously mentioned, Harbaugh is the only head coach in NFL history to take his team to the playoffs in each of his first four seasons. Harbaugh has also been successful on most challenge attempts. However, Harbaugh has sometimes been criticized for keeping unpopular offensive coordinator Cam Cameron, among some other things. But in he led the Baltimore Ravens to the Super Bowl. References Jim Harbaugh. Ravens will take to new coach Baltimore Sun Other websites Baltimore Ravens bio births Living people Sportspeople from Ohio National Football League coaches
Kurt Diemberger (born March ) is an Austrian mountaineer and author. He is the only living person who has made the first ascents on two mountains over , metres. of Broad Peak in and of Dhaulagiri in . He was born in Villach. He suffered from frostbite during the descent of Karakoram and had to have amputations. References births Living people Austrian sportspeople Mountain climbers People from Villach
Wayne Maki (November , – May , ) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger. Maki played games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Chicago Black Hawks, St. Louis Blues, and Vancouver Canucks. Career Before playing in the NHL, Maki played games with the St. Catharines Black Hawks of the OHA and seasons with the St. Louis Braves of the CPHL. He started his NHL career in with the Chicago Black Hawks where he played with his brother Chico Maki. He played games with the Black Hawks and games with their minor league affiliate Dallas Black Hawks. Maki was picked up by the St. Louis Blues in . On September , , during a preseason game between the Blues and the Boston Bruins, Maki got into a bloody, violent stick swinging fight with Bruins defenceman "Terrible" Ted Green. As a result of the fight, Maki suffered a fractured skull and a brain injury. Maki was suspended for days and fined. He was later sent down to the AHL to play games with the Buffalo Bisons. During the NHL Expansion Draft, Maki was claimed by the Vancouver Canucks th overall. He became a star with team and was one of the Canucks leading scorers in his full seasons with them. Maki's career was cut short when he found out that he was diagnosed with brain cancer in December . He died from the cancer on May , , he was only . His jersey number # was retired by the Canucks until Mark Messier who wore the number during his time with the Edmonton Oilers and New York Rangers played for them. References Other websites births deaths American Hockey League players Canadian ice hockey left wingers Chicago Blackhawks players Deaths from brain cancer Ice hockey people from Ontario St. Louis Blues players Vancouver Canucks players
Left Hand Path is a term used in occultism for one kind of spiritual path. It is the opposite of the Right Hand Path, which is what most people think of when they think of religion or spirituality. The use of this term in occultism came from a term used in Hindu Tantra, Vama marga in Sanskrit. This ancient form of tantra used the breaking of rules (taboos) as part of the practice. Rules about diet and sex were broken on purpose. For example, rules against eating meat and drinking alcohol might be broken. Such a practice might require eating meat and drinking alcohol while having sex in a graveyard or cremation ground. People who follow the Left Hand Path in the West are not interested in giving up pleasure or the world in order to be spiritual. They are not interested in worshiping God or following rules made up by others. They seek to gain power and freedom by breaking through taboos, fears and restrictions. Many people link this term with Satanism and black magic, but they are not the same. The Left Hand Path is sometimes described as amoral. Related pages Thelema The Satanic Bible References Evans, Dave. The History of British Magic After Crowley. Hidden Publishing, . Grant, Kenneth. Cults of the Shadow. London. Muller, . Hine, Phil. Black magic and the left hand path . Spirituality
Kepler's laws of planetary motion are three laws that describe the motion of planets around the sun. Planets move around the sun in elliptic orbits. The sun is in one of the two foci of the orbit. A line segment joining a planet and the Sun sweeps out equal areas during equal intervals of time. The square of the orbital period of a planet is proportional to the cube of the semi major axis of its orbit. Johannes Kepler found these laws, between and . Comparison to Copernicus Kepler's laws improve the model of Copernicus. If the eccentricities of the planetary orbits are taken as zero, then Kepler basically agrees with Copernicus. The planetary orbit is a circle The Sun at the center of the orbit The speed of the planet in the orbit is constant The eccentricities of the orbits of those planets known to Copernicus and Kepler are small, so the rules above give good approximations of planetary motion. but Kepler's laws fit the observations better than Copernicus's. Kepler's corrections are not at all obvious. The planetary orbit is not a circle, but an ellipse. The Sun is not at the center but at a focal point of the elliptical orbit. Neither the linear speed nor the angular speed of the planet in the orbit is constant, but the area speed is constant. The eccentricity of the orbit of the Earth makes the time from the March equinox to the September equinox, around days, unequal to the time from the September equinox to the March equinox, around days. A diameter would cut the orbit into equal parts, but the plane through the sun parallel to the equator of the earth cuts the orbit into two parts with areas in a to ratio, so the eccentricity of the orbit of the Earth is approximately which is close to the correct value (.) (see Earth's orbit). The calculation is correct when perihelion, the date the Earth is closest to the Sun, falls on a solstice. The current perihelion, near January , is fairly close to the solstice of December Astronomy
"Cheek To Cheek" is a pop song by Fred Astaire provided was written by Irving Berlin in . Taco Ockerse using the song synthpop version of Cheek To Cheek in by RCA Records. in other media by soundtrack from television and movies included, Nutri Ventures in English dubbed version of the first episode. References Pop songs s songs songs
The Volvo Ocean Race (known also as the Whitbread Round the World Race) is a yacht race around the world. It happens every three years. It is named after its current sponsor, Volvo. At this moment the Netherlands holds the record of most wins with the Dutch captain Conny van Rietschoten being the only skipper to win the race twice. The race leaves Europe in October. The race started in Alicante, Spain, on October , . The route for the race was altered from previous years to include stopovers in India and Asia for the first time. The race covered nearly , took over nine months to finish, and reached an audience of billion people worldwide. During the nine months of the – Volvo Ocean Race, which started in Alicante, Spain in October and finishes in Galway, Ireland, in July , the teams are scheduled to sail over of the world’s most treacherous seas, and include locations such as Cape Town, Abu Dhabi, Sanya, Auckland, around Cape Horn to Itajaí, Miami, Lisbon, and Lorient. References Water sports Sport in Spain Alicante
Sola is a Japanese anime series initially written by the Kanon main writer, Naoki Hisaya together with the original character designer Naru Nanao. Sola started as a manga which was featured in the magazine Dengeki Daioh on December , by MediaWorks. As of August , the manga is still being serialized, with Chaki Abeno as the illustrator. A drama CD was later released on December , at Comiket . The anime version of the series aired in Japan from April , to June , , containing a total of thirteen episodes and two additional episodes currently being released exclusively for the DVD. An extra drama CD together with a video game title for the PlayStation console are also planned. The title, Sola, comes from the Italian/Spanish language solo (which translates literally to alone). The title of series, sounds the same with the Japanese word . Other websites Official website References Anime
Paltamo is a municipality in Kainuu, Finland. It had about , living there in January . The municipalities next to it are Kajaani, Puolanka, Ristijärvi, Sotkamo and Vaala. Other websites Municipality Municipalities of Kainuu
George Patterson Nigh (born June , ) is an American politician. He served as the th and nd Governor of Oklahoma serving from January , through January , and then again from January , through January , . He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in McAlester, Oklahoma. References Other websites Voices of Oklahoma interview with George Nigh. First person interview conducted on May , with George Nigh. Original audio and transcript archived with Voices of Oklahoma oral history project. births Living people Governors of Oklahoma US Democratic Party politicians Lieutenant Governors of Oklahoma
Oberlarg is a commune in the Haut Rhin department of east France. In , people lived there. Communes in Haut Rhin
Harry Volkman (April , – August , ) was an American meteorologist. He was the first weatherman to issue a tornado warning. He retired in . He was born in Medford, Massachusetts. He won three Emmy Awards. Volkman died from respiratory failure in Des Plaines, Illinois, aged . References Emmy Award winners births deaths Deaths from respiratory failure Scientists from Chicago Scientists from Massachusetts Scientists from Oklahoma
Prégilbert is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. References INSEE Communes in Yonne
Richard Francis "Dick" MacPherson (November , – August , ) was an American football coach. He was born in Old Town, Maine. He served as the head coach at the University of Massachusetts Amherst from to and at Syracuse University from to . Career He had a career college football record of ––. MacPherson was the head coach of the National Football League's New England Patriots from to , tallying a mark of –. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in . MacPherson also served as an assistant coach with the Denver Broncos and the Cleveland Browns. Personal life MacPherson died at a hospital in Syracuse, New York on August at the age of . References births deaths American football coaches Sportspeople from Maine
Kings Mountain is a city in Cleveland and Gaston counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the census, , people live in Kings Mountain. Cities in North Carolina
The Volkswagen Golf Plus is a minivan based on the Volkswagen Golf. First generation The first generation of the Golf Plus were launched in , and were based on the Volkswagen Golf Mk. Models .. valve naturally aspirated petrol engine with multipoint injection and kW (until ) or kW (from ) .. valve naturally aspirated petrol engine with multipoint injection and kW . FSI. valve naturally aspirated petrol engine with direct injection and kW . FSI. valve naturally aspirated petrol engine with direct injection and kW . TSI. valve turbocharged petrol engine with direct injection and kW, kW, kW, or kW . TDI. valve turbocharged diesel engine with or without particulate filter with kW or kW . TDI. valve turbocharged diesel engine without particulate filter with kW or kW . TDI. valve turbocharged diesel engine with particulate filter and kW Second generation The second generation of the Golf Plus were launched in , and were based on the Volkswagen Golf Mk. Models .. valve naturally aspirated petrol engine with multipoint injection and kW .. valve naturally aspirated petrol engine with multipoint injection and kW . TSI. valve turbocharged petrol engine with direct injection and kW . TSI. valve turbocharged petrol engine with direct injection and kW or kW . TDI. valve turbocharged diesel engine with particulate filter and kW or kW . TDI. valve turbocharged diesel engine with particulate filter and kW . TDI. valve turbocharged diesel engine with particulate filter and kW Golf Plus s automobiles s automobiles
The roadrunner (Geococcyx) is a fast running bird. The roadrunner is also called the "chaparral bird" and the "chaparral cock". Species The roadrunners are a genus of ground cuckoos. The two species of roadrunners are the greater roadrunner and the lesser roadrunner. The greater roadrunner, (Geococcyx californianus) lives in Mexico and the southwestern U.S.A. The lesser roadrunner, (Geococcyx velox) lives in Mexico and Central America. Description The roadrunner is a large, slender, black brown and white streaked ground bird which has an average weight of to ounces, and is about inches ( cm) to inches ( cm) from tail to beak. It has long legs, strong feet, and a big dark beak. The roadrunner is terrestrial (lives on land). Even though it can fly, it spends most of its time on the ground. When they fly their wings are short and rounded and have a white crescent on the feathers. Roadrunners and other members of the cuckoo family have zygodactyl feet (two toes on the front and two toes on the back). Roadrunners can run up to the speed of miles per hour ( km per hour). They fly to escape predators.Some Roadrunner run til miles per hour. Habitat Roadrunners live in deserts of the southwestern U.S.A, Mexico and Central America.They also live in the sonoran desert Diet Roadrunners are omnivores, meaning they eat both meat and plants. They eat insects like grasshoppers, crickets, beetles, and caterpillars, small reptiles like lizards and snakes, rodents and other small mammals. They also eat tarantulas and other spiders, scorpions, centipedes, snails, small birds and eggs. The plants they eat are fruits and seeds like prickly pear cactus and sumac. Roadrunners search on the ground to find food. They usually run after their prey but also sometimes may leap to catch insects. Because of its fast speed, the roadrunner is one of the few animals that preys upon the rattlesnake. The roadrunner is the only real predator of the tarantula hawk . Nest and eggs The nest of roadrunner is made up of mainly sticks and sometimes leaves, and snake skin. A nest usually contains eggs which are white colored. Roadrunners have bi parental care. Both parents take care of the nest and feed the hatchlings, but males take care of the nest at night and females at day. For the first to weeks after the young hatch, one parent always remains at the nest. After the hatchlings are to weeks old they leave and never return to the nest. References Birds
The word safe has more than one meaning. Safe is the state a person or object is in when they are not in danger. In the sport of baseball, a player is safe after he gets to a base without being touched by another player with the baseball. A safe is a place where people put important things to protect them from fire, theft, or both. A safe is usually a box shaped container with a lock (although safes designed to protect from fire only sometimes don't have a lock). It is usually heavy and made of a strong substance such as steel. It is designed to resist attack from crowbars, hammers, drills, and other tools. Basic English words Locks
Agnes Emma Baker Pilgrim (September , – November , ) was a Native American spiritual elder. She was born near Grants Pass, Oregon. She was the oldest member of her tribe, the Takelma. Pilgrim was Elected Chairperson of the International Council of Indigenous Grandmothers at its founding in . "She was honored as a "Living Treasure" by the Confederated Tribes of Siletz, and as a "Living Cultural Legend" by the Oregon Council of the Arts." She was Leader of the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians. Pilgrim died on November , in Grants Pass at the age of . References Other websites Agnes' Official website International Council of of Indigenous Grandmothers Official Website "Grandma Aggie" interviewed on Conversations from Penn State Official website for documentary Konanway Nika Tillicum (All My Relations) Youth Academy For The Next Seven Generations Film Trailer The Center for Sacred Studies American environmentalists Humanitarians People from Grants Pass, Oregon births deaths
Malik (born William Tai. January – December ) was a French born Belgian comics artist. He was born in Paris. He drew many works under the pseudonym Phénix. He was best known for his works with Bédéadult and Cupidon. Malik died on December from injuries caused by a house fire in Wallonia, Belgium at the age of . References births deaths Deaths from fire French artists Belgian comics artists People from Paris
The Houston Astros are the professional baseball team based in Houston, Texas. They compete in Major League Baseball (MLB). They began to play in . They were originally called the "Houston Colt .s" or the "Houston Colts". They changed their name to "Astros" in . The Astros left the National League and joined the American League in . They are the first team in a long time to do this. The Astros play their home games at Minute Maid Park in Houston. With the move to the American League in , the Astros are the first team in Major League Baseball to win the pennant for both leagues. The Astros are generally considered one of the most dominant teams in baseball over the recent years. In , the Astros played in the World Series for the first time, where they were swept by the Chicago White Sox. They returned to the World Series in , and this time, they defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers in seven games to capture their first World Series title in the wake of Hurricane Harvey. They returned to the World Series in and , but lost to Washington Nationals and the Atlanta Braves, respectively. References establishments in the United States s establishments in Texas
Ludlow is a town in Shropshire, a county of England. The town is very old and dates back to around AD. There is a large castle and many other historic buildings. There are just over , people living in the town. It is the largest town in the South Shropshire area. The town, though not large, is important in its area, which includes the Welsh Marches, Wales and South Shropshire. Its parish church, St Laurence's, is the largest in the county. Transport Road The A, A, B and B roads pass through or go near Ludlow. Rail Ludlow has a train station. References Towns in Shropshire th century establishments in Europe Establishments in England Civil parishes in Shropshire
Bibern is a former municipality in the district of Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On January the former municipalities of Aetigkofen, Aetingen, Bibern, Brügglen, Gossliwil, Hessigkofen, Küttigkofen, Kyburg Buchegg, Mühledorf and Tscheppach merged to form the new municipality of Buchegg. References Other websites Former municipalities of Solothurn
Orvault is a commune of , people (). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire Atlantique department in western France. Communes in Loire Atlantique
Bengtsfors Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Bengtsfors. References Other websites Bengtsfors Municipality Municipalities of Sweden
Sundown is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. Cities in Texas
A curriculum vitae (CV or vita) is a short list of a person's education and skills. In North America, a short CV ( pages) is usually called a résumé. In North America, people say "CV" when talking about a much longer list. In some countries, a photo of the applicant is attached to the CV. The name curriculum vitae is Latin for "course of life." References Documents Employment
Dorothy Gladys Smith (born in ), commonly known as Dodie Smith, was an English children’s book author and playwright. She is most famous for writing The Hundred and One Dalmatians and I Capture the Castle, both adapted into famous films. Ms Smith had not intended to be a writer. Her first love was acting but, she once admitted, "I simply wasn't very good." Early life Smith was born on May , in Whitefield, UK. When she was eighteen years old, her father died, so after that she and her mother lived with her family her grandparents, three uncles and two aunts, in an old house with a garden leaning towards the Manchester Ship Canal. Both her mother and grandmother wrote and composed. Almost everyone in the household sang and played an instrument (including pianos, a violin, a mandolin, a guitar and a banjo) and one uncle, a nonprofessional but decent actor, was usually rehearsing, preferably with Smith there to give him cues. Although she had liked theater for a while before she could read, it was hearing of her uncle's parts which really sparked her passion for acting and writing plays, especially as the cues she gave to her uncle got longer and longer and, by the age of nine, Smith had written a forty page play. Early career Even when her mother described her first play as dull and boring, she did not stop trying to succeed. Soon she became a young actress for many theaters after studying at the London’s Royal Academy of Art. During World War I, Smith went to France to help amuse the soldiers there and also appeared in a performance of John Galsworthy's Pigeon. In , the actress left the theater to work as a buyer for Heal and Son, a furniture company where she remained for the next eight years, writing for the stage in cinema in her free time. Smith first gained recognition as a playwright, going by the name of C. L. Anthony until . In , Smith sold her play Autumn Crocus to one of her old stage directors. Although she had written a screenplay and a stage play before, Autumn Crocus proved to be the work that turned her career around. Call It a Day was the first play Smith wrote under her own name. also proving to be her most financially rewarding piece. Her plays, generally simple comedies about middle class life, received much praise, both popular and critical. "The ability to recreate detail, to capture the nuances of everyday conversation, to recognize humor in the trivialities of middle class life marks the dramas of Dodie Smith," wrote Martha Hadsel. "Her critics sometimes found fault with what they considered her superficiality, but most admitted that her plays provided enjoyable entertainment." Hadsel claimed Smith to be "one of the few successful women dramatists in England and America during the first half of the twentieth century." Works of Dodie Smith Children’s books. The Hundred and One Dalmatians, . The Starlight Barking, . The Midnight Kittens, . Plays. Call It a Day, . Bonnet over the Windmill, . (And co director) Dear Octopus, . Autumn Crocus, Service, and Touch Wood, . Lovers and Friends, . Letter from Paris, . I Capture the Castle, . These People, Those Books, . Amateur Means Lover, . Novels. I Capture the Castle, . The New Moon with the Old, . The Town in Bloom, . It Ends with Revelations, . A Tale of Two Families, . The Girl from the Candle lit Bath, . Autobiographies. Look Back with Love. A Manchester Childhood, . Look Back with Mixed Feelings, . Look Back with Astonishment, . Look Back with Gratitude, . Screenplays. (With Frank Partos) The Uninvited (adapted from the novel by Dorothy Macardle), Paramount, . (With Lesser Samuels) Darling, How Could You. (adapted from Alice Sit by the Fire by James M. Barrie), Paramount, . Also author of screenplay "Schoolgirl Rebels" (under pseudonym Charles Henry Percy), . References "Dodie Smith." Almanac of Famous People. Gale, . Biography in Context. Web. Mar. . "Dodie Smith." Authors and Artists for Young Adults. Vol. . Detroit. Gale, . Biography in Context. Web. Mar. . "OBITUARY Dodie Smith Author's story featured in Walt Disney feature." Globe & Mail [Toronto, Canada] Nov. . D. Biography in Context. Web. Mar. . English writers
Events August – Battle of Bosworth Field ends the War of the Roses, Henry VII becomes King of England. The first appearance of the sweating sickness in England. Births December – Catherine of Aragon, later first Queen consort of King Henry VIII of England. Thomas Cromwell, English statesman (approximately). Hernán Cortés, conqueror of Mexico Clément Janequin, French chanson composer (approximate date) Hugh Aston, English composer (approximate date) Pierre Moulu, French composer (approximate date) Deaths March – Anne Neville, Queen consort of Richard III of England. August – King Richard III of England. October – Rodolphus Agricola, Dutch scholar
